# Sophia and Emma 1 to 1 weekly meetings

* [TEMPLATE](#TEMPLATE)
* [10 May 2022](#date-10-May-2022)
* [17 May 2022](#date-17-May-2022)
* [24 May 2022](#date-24-May-2022)
* [31 May 2022](#date-31-May-2022)
* [7 June 2022](#date-7-June-2022)
* [14 June 2022](#date-14-June-2022)
* [22 June 2022](#date-22-June-2022)
* [28 June 2022](#date-28-June-2022)
* [05 July 2022](#date-05-July-2022)
* [12 July 2022](#date-12-July-2022)
* [29 July 2022](#date-29-July-2022)
* [16 August 2022](#date-16-August-2022)
* [14 September 2022](#date-14-September-2022)
* [27 September 2022](#date-27-September-2022)
* [4 October 2022](#date-4-October-2022)
* [11 October 2022](#date-10-October-2022)
* [18 October 2022](#date-10-October-2022)
* [8 November 2022](#date-8-November-2022)
* [25 November 2022](#date-25-November-2022)



## Date: 25 November 2022

### Check-in ritual


### Project specific Reflection

* EZ has been doing amazing work with getting Slack up and running 🚀 so thrilled that it's starting to get people connected. 
* PPIE meeting was awesome and we've identified clear plans for what we all want to work on - the difficult part now is staying connected in order to move things forward. 

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

* End of the year, almost there! 

### 📚 Updates

#### Who did you help this week?

* OPTIMAL with scoping PPIE focus groups 
* DECODE with help planning an in person PPIE event they are looking to run 
* Helped EZ set up an all-contributors bot 
* connecting the OPTIMAL PhD student with the DSxHE folk 
* SSI selection day 

#### Who helped you this week?

*  EZ with so much awesome work on building momentum on Slack! 

#### What did you achieve?

* Updated the Glossary of Terms site based on feedback. 
* Bookdash workshop 
* Hashtag analysis for comms plan and developed a slide deck to support the decision conversations.  
* Chaired the comms and events meeting
* Went through Eventsforce training with KW
* Events planning meeting with DC + EZ for next year 

#### What did you struggle with?

* Have been bouncing between tasks as I haven't been able to find deep work time enough to get something completely finished. 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Finsish Design Brief and get to AB -> Scriberia
* Finish moving GitHub pages site across to the new framework and with the templates set up

#### Where do you need help?

* I'm doing okay, next week is very meeting heavy so I'm trying to block off time to get work done in between those. 

#### Any other topics

- End of the year, just am super tired (and your advice 2 weeks ago about no new projects was 100% correct and is saving me now!) 

- FAIR cookbook contributing guidelines - https://faircookbook.elixir-europe.org/content/recipes/help/how-to-create-recipe-with-gdoc.html

## Date: 8 November 2022

### Check-in ritual
Really grateful for the team this week and being able to identify the most urgent pieces of work and push back anything else. 

### Project specific Reflection

* Community Building 
	* Have calls connecting with 2 other communities this week and the CoP meeting in person in 2 weeks. EZ is leading on launching Slack this week so we should have a core platform sorted soon. I'm also meeting with IT today to sort out the Teams group and calendar. 
* PPIE
	* Haven't been able to connect with LC for a few weeks, but have outlined some milestone pieces of work that we can work towards. 
* Focus Groups
	- Glossaries, explainers about AI in health care, authorship.
		- 4th point on the criteria for authorship. 
	* Interesting reflections from the facilitation of focus groups. There is space for resources and workshops for researchers to further develop out the practice of effective focus groups. 

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

* Planning next steps and BGT hand over. 

### 📚 Updates

#### Who did you help this week?

* MELD-b with focus groups 
* AS with feedback and discussions about TTW working groups 

#### Who helped you this week?

* EZ with leading ECR lunch 

#### What did you achieve?

* ✅ Onboarding pack for BGT
* ✅ Probation review 
* ✅ Co-facilitated 2 focus groups 
* ✅ Developed visual assets for a consortia
* ✅ Discussed next steps with Scriberia 
* ✅ Followed up with IT 
* ✅ Developed personal user manual for BGT

#### What did you struggle with?

* Feeling quite unwell. Reallu struggling with brain fog and fatigue. 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Getting Slack and Teams up and running for the consortia 
* Moving forward with Scriberia 
* Bookdash workshop
* Updating the Glossary of Terms 
* Wireframing the GitHub pages site
* Hashtag analysis for comms plan 

#### Where do you need help?

* Open dialogue about work load management. Am trying to establish a baseline and figure out what works. 
* If I can drop workshops or events until I am able to cope with the time commitment. 

#### Any other topics

* Any insight into management structures going forward would be super helpful!
* Chat about reporting assessments (i.e. what we're measured on) vs. what we want to be measured on. 

## Date: 18 October 2022

### Check-in ritual
* DC started meeting with EZ + I weekly which I think will massively help internal communication
* REG started on AutSPACEs 
	* EK - keep chatting with them - bring them into the loop! 🚀

### Project specific Reflection

* Still working on the DPAP 
* Aiming to get the CM report piece for AIM finished during the coworking on wednesday 
* Can't get RoPA signed off, but have been in discussion with Data Protection team and others. It is no longer blocking work as we have approval, however a larger work piece is needed. 
* Website couldn't be updated as the working group is still getting set up and content needs to be collectively agreed upon. 
* GA shifted work timeline back again so have been unable to onboard her into PPIE project work.

### 📚 Updates

#### Who did you help this week?

* EZ with getting set up for the workshop
* Consortia with planning and documentation for PPIE work stream 
* MF + Ops group with feedback on the Theory of Change documentation
* DC with Data Study Group planning
* EZ with some OLS planning work 
* DC with tech support for the Open Talks seminar
* New enrichment students with an "Insider's guide to Turing" (a co-op of the onboarding docs) 

#### Who helped you this week?

* DC with a good discussion on where various pieces of work are
* EZ with a good discussion on communication platforms

#### What did you achieve?

* Worked on documentation for Glossary
* Created documentation work the workshop
* AutSPACEs REG kick off 
* OLS work
* Enrichment Cohort Workshop
* Analysis of communication channels used by consortia
* Analysis of attendance of events past 
* drafted Event organization documentation
* Opened ticket for Slack Grid

#### What did you struggle with?

* Did some really long days at work to get things done and pushing the needle ahead 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Documentation ahead of communication team meeting
* Meeting notes write up 
* AutSPACEs repo refresh
* Establish the Stakeholder mapping Team's team
* DPAP

#### Where do you need help?

* Am I to onboard BGT?
	* EK - Yes - within the scope of advising and guiding us and the project. 

#### Any other topics

- Feeling torn between staying in the ppie lane due to resource shifts coming down the pipeline vs. getting things done.
* EK - unfortunately it is a bit of both - focus on your PPIE tasks but with an eye on other things to unblock your work. Will be good to get the new RPM in place to help you with some tasks. 


## Date: 11 October 2022

### Check-in ritual
Am always so grateful that I get to work with folk who are enthusiatic, kind, and engaged. It's just really nice "showing up" to work. 
	* EK - this is lovely to hear :heart:

### Project specific Reflection

*Review your current projects, relation and skill-building that you are working on. *
(Since last week, review the progress you’ve made towards your goals. Any challenges to mention? Review if we can attract any attention or help highlight your work.)

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

* Would love help with the community manager's report. I've lost track of what I've done. 
	* EK - we discussed this during the meeting and made a list of things to include.  

### 📚 Updates

#### Who did you help this week?

* EK with the presentation slides
* EZ with setting up the recurring issue 
* EZ with planning for GitHub Project Management Training
* DC with taking notes during Ops meeting and debriefing afterwards

#### Who helped you this week?

* EK with presentatiom slides
* AS with being able to reuse content and the open issues from carpentriescon
* EZ with taking lead on Friday meetings
* LC with discussions during PPIE Lunchtime session
* SH with some project overlap discussions

#### What did you achieve?

* ✅ Led on Ops meeting's events audit and ways of working discussion
* ✅ Preped for the GitHub for Collaboration workshop
* ✅ Made changes to Website based on feedback
* ✅ Set up Teams File share for Stakeholder mapping
* ✅ Sent out open invite to Comms re. monthly meeting (no reply)
* ✅ Finished off tasks for RS

* EK - Great work! :muscle:

#### What did you struggle with?

* Finding time to do write ups and summaries amongst the tasks
* Clarity on who knows what/who to ask questions around ROPA

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Finish DPAP form (PRIORITY!!)
* Collaboration Workshop presentation - Tuesday 11th
* Onboard GA into PPIE project work (shifted from last week as JS changed days)
* Finish documentation for Glossary site
* Update Website for October's information
* Get ROPA signed off

#### Where do you need help?

* The Community Manager's [report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Fz17zkxhAFilm5SPPG57WdvDA_oGZWwm/edit)



## Date: 4 October 2022

### Check-in ritual


### Project specific Reflection
* Good catching up with KW last week. Have been reflecting on how to best support the "emergence as a strategy" idea that KW has.
* Documentation and Processes are so needed to support various tasks. 
* The AutSPACEs volunteer has shifted back their days which is fab for planning! 
* Have been reflecting on what I can hand off and where I can win hours back to spend work doing important tasks rather than upkeep tasks. 
* The PPIE deiverables are a little murky beyond the direct Glossary of Terms. I have a suspicion that I will need to co-develop some new ones with guidance from LC based on the needs of the consortia. 

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

* Drafting workshop presentation slides  
	* previous presentations [1](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1_bmRZcLwQrUkVTAMvq7W_x4ML_aphSwVEnkLrDy-Fd4/edit#slide=id.g526267be46_0_606), [2](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1r4_bFMSKVKzWJ-5kJr9iwplpTrbCWLxpviYGWOXJIhk/edit#slide=id.ge33bccbef9_0_18), [3](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1vEbbWqZKhE12gte1HdO0edhzuMO-zgTrR8hzGXoNwx0/edit#slide=id.g13fdfcc6cbf_3_636), [4](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1kC3r1xqU-8aT-bkhPm3F5SHz_FJxQPwz3UAy609xN7I/edit#slide=id.g13c8a6105e3_0_24). 

### 📚 Updates

#### Who did you help this week?

* DC with taking charge of the RoPA form.
* Consortia with specific work packages.
* RS with induction tasks. 
* I feel like I answered a lot of questions and emails last week, but I can't remember what they were for. 

#### Who helped you this week?

* EZ and MS with the connections workshop - I dropped out of supporting it. 
* KW with an awesome chat about AIM RSF goals. 
* DC with clarity on the website's end goal.
* EZ with general comradere.
* GA (and AL) with discussions on what to work on with AIM's PPIE.  

#### What did you achieve?
* ✅ Supported consortia focus groups.
* ✅ Figured out how to share and collaborate on files in Teams for Stakeholder mapping
* ✅ Documented events process and planned calendar for events 
* ✅ Drafted RoPA form and sent to DC + KP for sign off 
* ✅ Got feedback on DPAP form from TR 
* ✅ Talked to IT about a Teams team app
* ✅ Finished feedback on the Theory of Change
* ✅ Set up the recurring issues for our internal events

#### Where do you need help?

* Updates on Comms 🕸️

#### Any other topics

* Should I still set up that monthly meeting with Comms?
* EK - yes, I still think it is a good idea. 

#### What did you struggle with?

* Feeling very jaded and tired after so many things were running in September. 
* Need to balance the enjoyment from social time vs. the energy expense of the office. 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Finish DPAP form 
* Onboard GA into PPIE project work 
* Finish documentation for Glossary site
* Update Website for October's information
* Lead on Ops meeting's events audit and ways of working discussion
* Prep for (and do) the GitHub for Collaboration workshop
* Send out invitations for Slack 

#### Where do you need help?

* Checking the RoPA form 
* EK - looks good to me - great job!

#### Any other topics

* Have been doing an events audit and it struck home just how many things we are doing and it makes sense why it feels like we're on the back foot all the time.



## Date: 27 September 2022 

### 📍 Check-in ritual
(Examples: recognitions (recognize colleagues), sparkling moments (recognize community members), shout-outs)

### Project specific Reflection

* External Comms Channels (Teams Group) 
	* Talked to REG team, IT, and other groups who set up special interest groups to better understand if it's what we need
	* Got clarity over how to set up linked docs with external collaborators in Teams 
	* This lays the foundation for better understanding what to set up for a shared calendar, shared file system for non-github data, and comms channels.
* Stakeholder mapping
	* Some extensive set up is needed, but we found a way to collaborate and share the documents we've all been working on separately
* Documentation
	* I realized there is currently a fail point due to not having a central hub for communication and information that is used by everyone which may be a large factor into why I get pinged more than is sustainable. 
	* I want to figure out a way to shift work towards documentation to get that knowledge captured but currently am unsure what blocks to move off my plate. 
* Roadmap/Goal Posts 
	* The unsurity of what we're meant to be aiming at has been taking a toll on all folks. 


### Notes to discuss during 1:1

* KW suggested that we could explore better support folk by working collaboratively on AIM PPIE, which would alleviate some of the work pieces on my plate and allow me to get to documentation. Chatted with AL about this and would love clarity on how to do this "the right way". 

### 📚 Updates

#### Who did you help this week?

* MM with Turing ways of working advice/input 
* MF with information + feedback

#### Who helped you this week?

* AS & MS sent information through about Scriberia 
* EZ + MS massively as I needed to step back from the connections workshop
* GA as co-presenter for AIM RSF session
* AL + Connections workshop folk who planned dinner and were just wonderful to chat to
* MS with advise and steering 
* LC "being in my corner" with AIM strategy
* EZ with handing off between work pieces, just objectively and subjectively feels like great teamwork. 
* SSI Community Building session with advice and great vibes ✨

#### What did you achieve?

* ✅ Got more information about working Scriberia and have sent it through to DC for next steps
* ✅ Reviewed and submitted HR docs
* ✅ Had really cool presentation for ReproTea at Leeds
* ✅ Finalized content for connections workshop (handed over to EZ)
* ✅ Finalized date GitHub for Project Management workshop (EZ has done an awesome trainings calendar)
* ✅ Started pulling together a big calendar for AIM RSf events so we can be better informed re. resources 
* ✅ Met with our (super cool!!) OLS-6 mentor and started unpacking what we could do regarding the ReproHack/Replication Hack
* ✅ Presented to Whitaker Lab
* ✅ Co-Presented to AIM RSF Citizen Science an Co-creation talk Planning Slack engagement strategy 
* ✅ Met with MF re. stakeholder mapping and started investigating channels for information sharing 
* ✅ Co-ordinated with the Speaker for October's seminar and got the speaker release forms back to comms
* ✅ Updated Knowledge Management document to reflect the outcomes of the chats with Data Proection.
	* Super work! :muscle:  

#### What did you struggle with?

* Internal friction between wanting to do work packages that aren't strictly within remit. 
* Picking up work pieces that fall far outside remit, but are mission critical. 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Supporting consortia focus groups.
* Stakeholder mapping collaborative ways of working.
* Documentation of processes + tacit knowledge.
* Preparing for October events.
* DPAP and RoPA forms. (Slack/Teams is depending on these being filled out)

#### Where do you need help?

* Advice for how to approach a mini (and short term) readdressing of work packages. 
	* EK - I will check in with DC about some of the things you have raised this week and get back to you. 

#### Any other topics

* Have a check in (monthly?) meeting with Comms to sync up and chat. 
* Health team is exploring LinkedIn 
	* page within Turing Inst.'s existing page
	* admins will be Comm M's  
* Set up a sandboxed Teams team App (for files)




## Date: 14 September 2022

### 📍 Check-in ritual

#### Project specific Reflection

#### Who did you help this week?
* EZ with collab-cafe's ppie section
* DC with chairing and running the events
	* EK - Lots of wonderful team work!

#### Who helped you this week?
* KW with an awesome chat!
* EZ was awesome running the bigger piece of collab-cafe 

#### What did you struggle with?
* Lots of events 😱
	* EK - All the events went great so you should be super proud of all the hard work you put in :star: :tada:  But try to spread them out next time so you don't feel overwhelmed. 

#### What did you achieve?
* ✅ Launched 2 "GitHub Pages" 
* ✅ Followed up with TR about Data Management Plan on GitHub
* ✅ Ran GitHub onboarding session for Data Wranglers (project boards and workflows for the AIM RSF Ops team)
* ✅ Supported AIM RSF Collab Cafe and the PPIE work for the session 
* ✅ Ran the PPIE in Research Panel (had a great discussion!) 
	* EK - this is all such great work - well done. 

#### What would you like to work on next week? 
* Finish presentation slides for ReproTea 22nd 
	* VH & AC are the point people on UKRN for the Turing Way. 
* Finalizing content for connections workshop
* Planning session with EZ about GitHub for Project Management workshop to develier to consortia
* Kick off for OLS-6 
* Finish presentation for Citizen Science an Co-creation talk 
* Planning Slack engagement strategy 
* Continue pushing forward on the Stakeholder mapping

#### Where do you need help?
* Review on HR docs this week 
	* EK - yes please get this done and then I can review.  


#### Other topics 
* Fridays might be a good day for events that are discussion based 
	* check this within the specific community you are in 
* Ping AS about Scriberia 
* Send email to folk alerting them to Slack as a comms chanel and getting permission
* Send out a form getting permission to be added to mailing lists etc
	* have a disclosure statement (opt in box) on forms etc 
	* have an email that is a point of contact for unsubscribing  (defaulting to a service that provides this would be a good idea) 
* Interest groups at Turing have a Teams Group mailing list
	* the group is set up inside the sharepoint
	* Clinical AI group - supporting via a "facilitators" role (EK has been supporting this group) 	


## Date: 14 September 2022

### 📍 Check-in ritual


#### Project specific Reflection

* Feeling a bit overwhelmed and am stuck in a bit of limbo waiting on outcomes from meetings that get canceled or moved back. 
* We're going to set up a mini working group for Stakeholder mapping so that we can get an understanding of the work that has been done by each person and drive something forward together. I have a feeling that I'll need to drive that forward as there's no clear objective for it at this stage but I'm super thrilled that after pushing for a few months there's movement and it's in the right direction 🎉


### 📚 Updates

#### Who did you help this week?

* DC with chairing the open talks session 
* GA with slides for the presentation 
* AIM consortia with recruitment 
* AIM consortia with advisory board governance 
* Onboarding RS to the AIM RSF project (& by proxy helping out AM + others by doing this) 

#### Who helped you this week?

* MS, AL, & EZ with taking lead for the connections workshop 
* CN with connecting us to some partner charities 
* External partner linking us to some participant groups 
* MS & AB with project and workload strategy


#### What did you achieve?

* ✅ Ran AIM RSF Open Talks session yesterday ✨
* ✅ Onboarded new AIM RSF Data Wrangler 
* ✅ Got GitHub pages site up and running as a "first mvp". Lots of updates needed. But it's a start. 
* ✅ Finished and promoted the PPIE events series
* ✅ Finalized details for a consortia's focus group session and supported recruitment and promotion
* ✅ Connected with several external partners and have been working on PPIE materials to support the consortia's workflows (the group at Understanding Patient  Data has been ✨ amazing ✨ and their reports are under cc-by so we've been chatting about what we can adapt.  


#### What did you struggle with?

* Stressed about events and engagement. 
* Dissonance around job remit and day-to-day responsibilities. 
* Lack of clarity over priorities. 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Run GitHub onboarding session for Data Wranglers (project boards and workflows for the AIM RSF Ops team) today 
* Supporting AIM RSF Collab Cafe and the PPIE work for the session 
* Setting up a GitHub Pages area for the Glossary of Terms 
* Chairing PPIE in Research Panel this Friday 
* Giving a talk on TTW to Leeds ReproTea 22nd (working on it during TTW Collab Cafe) 
* Finalizing content for connections workshop
* Planning session with EZ about GitHub for Project Management workshop to develier to consortia
* Kick off for OLS-6 
* Finish presentation for Citizen Science an Co-creation talk 


#### Where do you need help?

* Clarity on how to establish top priorities.
	* EK - I will check in with DC and MS about this. Please send me the spreadsheet.  



## Date: 16 August 2022

### 📍 Check-in ritual
* DC away, EG away
* **Ethics/Focus Groups:** no word back but unofficial channels said that many of the people are on leave and back towards the end of August (when the next meeting is happening so hope to hear then). 
* **PPIE September Events** 3 of the 4 events have been confirmed and placed on people's calendars. 
* **Internal comms**  there's still a few blockers but there's a meeting planned 30th aug to start implementing solutions. Some stakeholders want something sooner but only so much can be moved along with DC away.  
* **Project Management** EZ and I have shifted task tracking into a collaborative setting on GitHub (DC okayed this). It's helping with keeping track of what is being asked and worked on. 

### Project specific Reflection

* Internal comms needs addressing. 

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

* Teams vs Slack. It feels like we're getting a large push back from people about Slack, but Turing can't set up a Teams Team (it would have to be one of the folk at Swansea or Edinburgh. 
* Unsure of how much ownership should I take on driving internal project comms forward (i.e. RoPA) - info governance. 
	- EK - raise this with DC 

### 📚 Updates

#### Who did you help this week?

* GA with AutSPACEs ethics 
* GA with AutSPACEs work chunks
* EZ with Stakeholder mapping task
* EZ with setting up GitHub project boards 
* MF with updates on RSF work packages 
* Skills @ turing team with GitHub for Project management workshop 
* DC with sending out AIM RSF event invites
* MELD-b with feedback on survey 
* MELD-b with support planning their september PPIE workshop 

#### Who helped you this week?

* Public policy folk with updates on why ethcs was taking so long to get feedback from
* LC with introductions to NIHR PPIE folk and general steering on PPIE events
* AS, HS, & EP with CarpentriesCon workshop 
* AB, MS, VH, & AL with input on hosting external project websites. 

#### What did you achieve?

* ✅ met with MF about PPIE and Legacy work packages 
* ✅ co-worked with EZ on stakeholder mapping and we decided on using spreadsheets currently to map the folk 
* ✅ Set up GitHUb project boards 
* ✅ started cataloging main blockers 
* ✅ met with NIHR BioResource folk 
* ✅ Gave feedback to GA about AutSPACEs ethics application and started rewriting it with her
* ✅ Delivered CarpentriesCon workshop 
* ✅ Delivered 2 Project Management on GitHub training sessions 
* ✅ Got some AutSPACEs PR's reviewed and logged with what needs to be fixed. 
* ✅ Met with 3 PPIE project leads to identify what work they need urgent support on. 
* ✅ Provided feedback on PPIE plans for a consortia. 
* ⚠️ started chasing up website questions as it was flagged that we are unsure about if we can host an external website. 

#### What did you struggle with?

* Getting a touch overhwelmed with tasks that I'm unsure if are within remit or not 
	- EK - you have a lot going on now and more in september so please do not take on anymore. Project management needs to be given to DC.  
* Running out of energy quickly as recovery is slow
* Super bad mental health week last week so tasks are taking twice as long

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* AutSPACEs Ethics 
* AutSPACEs PR's 
* AutSPACEs planning
* AIM RSF September events planning (follow up with Meag - get open talk info across to Hemi) 
* AIM RSF PPIE report/summary 
* Internal comms documentation 
* Whitaker Lab presentation
* TPS Coffee presentation

#### Where do you need help?

* Need a bit of support around documenting the key blockers that need addressing as the team is restructuring. 
	- EK - start an issue for the blockers and tag in those that can help like DC. 
* Need a bit of support with writing some sections for AutSPACEs ethics in the way that the committee wants it to be provided. 

#### Any other topics

- Just starting to feel the stretch of the upper limit of my day-to-day capacity and want to identify early where I can offload things. 

## Date: 29 July 2022

### 📍 Check-in ritual

Massive shout out to Eirini for the GitHub workshop last week! 

#### Project specific Reflection

* **Ethics/Focus Groups:** No word back from ethics submission yet (had been hoping to hear back by end of this week) so fingers crossed for next week. 
* **PPIE Community Sessions:** Next monthly community call scheduled for Aug 2nd -> not sure whether to cancel session or not (late planning and unsure of attendance), Meag D brain presentation planning session moved to next friday, 2 projects have indicated that they are happy to share resources, 4 groups indicated that they would like to contribute to (and use) the Glossary of Terms. 
* **Website:** was meant to get launched this week. Due to illness delays, will get launched next week. 

#### Notes to discuss during 1:1

* Task Status & Check in
* Decision about PPIE Community Call

### 📚 Updates

#### Who did you help this week?

* EZ with the GitHub presentation, q's, and adding folk to the repo/organization. 

#### Who helped you this week?

* AnnS + HS with prep for the CarpentriesCon presentation. 
* EK & DC being fab with me off sick.
* 👫 with support while I was unwell.
* EZ with the GitHub presentation. 

#### What did you achieve?

* ✅ Reschedule Meag D chat to next Friday 
* ✅ Catch up on Slack messages  
* ✅ Log sick days in Cezanne 
* ✅ 21% through email inbox (as of 11am) 
* ✅ Supported EZ with GitHub workshop

#### What did you struggle with?

* 🤒🤢

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* (1) CarpentriesCon Workshop: August 4th 8am - 10am. 
* (3) Prep for monthly RSF Ops Meeting: August 4th 10:30am. 
* (4) Launch the external AIM RSF Website. 
* (2) [to confirm] PPIE Community Session: August 2nd. 
* (5) AutSPACEs GitHub clean up + Sync with Georgia. 

#### Where do you need help?

* In about 2 weeks, would love review over a PPIE summary document that I've been working on. It's not a priority for next week, but I would like it done by start of September.
* Decision on PPIE Community Session next week. 

#### Any other topics

* Very grateful that the Ops meeting is next week as I feel like I can get back up to speed on things. 


## Date: 12 July 2022 

### 📍 Check-in ritual

#### Project specific Reflection

* Last week we chatted about having a sync meeting: the Ops meeting on Thursday served that in terms of updates, and EZ and I also grabbed DC on Thursday for a chit chat 🚀 
* EZ is taking lead on the GitHub workshop next week, they're an absolute rockstar and I'm super grateful that it's taken off my plate. 
* There's one call that needed to be rescheduled, but I've now met with 19 PPIE leads/co-applicants over the past 3 weeks 🚀 
* Overall I think internal comms were really good last week. 
* There's enough to tackle locally right now, but I do need to be chipping away at building external connections to communities as the conference has been mentioned a few times in the past week.
	* EK - you are relient on the stakeholder mapping - check in with the progress of this and see if it can be shared with you for checking progress and additions from you as well.  

#### Notes to discuss during 1:1

* Brainstorming channels of comms if folks miss a monthly meeting, but they also don't read newsletters. 
	* EK -  multiple comms channels seems to be the best bet. Detailed meeting notes and then a summary by Slack or email. 
* Action plan for how to dial back into work week of 25th without getting overwhelmed. 

### 📚 Updates

#### Who did you help this week?

* DC following up on the Cross-Consortia session recording.
* LC with taking lead on the PPIE session.
* AJ with a walk through of their GitHub needs. 
* GA with getting AutSPACEs work tucked away and cleaned up across the repos. 

#### Who helped you this week?

* EZ clicking submit on the OLS application.
* EZ taking lead on the GitHub workshop.
* MD with agreeing to lead the Open Talks in September

#### What did you achieve?

* ✅ Submitted Ethics!!! 🎉 yay! 
* ✅ Submitted OLS application with EZ
* ✅ Caught up on meeting notes ✍️
* ✅ Led PPIE Lunchtime session
* ✅ Prepped for Ops Meeting and sent summary notes to DC for PPIE
* ✅ Met with AJ and the Pharmaco-Epi Collaborative to help get their work on GitHub
* ✅ Met with MD (SSI Fellow) who's coming in September and will lead some PPIE workshops and the Open Talk. 
* ✅ Create a sandbox for task management on GitHub and chatted with DC about how we could use it for AIM RSF - & started writing out documentation on how to set it up from scratch. 
* ✅ Started scoping out AutSPACEs repo clean ups and finding where various files have been hidden away. 

	* EK - Well done on all this - you are making great progress - :star:

#### What did you struggle with?

* Long days, am very much looking forward to things settling down 😄
* AutSPACEs file management is absolutely sprawling, needed to deep dive quite a bit to find things. 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Finish off setting up WelcomeBot 
* Introduction to GitHub workshop with EZ (she's taking lead 🌟)
* Adventure 🏊

#### Where do you need help?

* Reviewing Open Pull Requests so I can mark tasks as done. (i.e. [this](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/open-community-building/pull/69) and others that I'll be cleaning up with AutSPACEs.


## Date: 5 July 2022

### 📍 Check-in ritual
(Examples: recognitions (recognize colleagues), sparkling moments (recognize community members), shout-outs)

#### Project specific Reflection

* Massive shout out to DC for getting the NIHR report across the finish line (side question: how is the appreciations channel used? I couldn't quite figure it out based on the posts). 
* We've been meeting with the consortia in a PPIE capacity and there's great insights into how we can support them. 
* The website is not up yet (needs 2-3 days work to put the content in) which creates a small blocker for internal comms. 
* Trying to work with Turing's comms team to get videos out to the consortia about sessions - the 2.4GB meetings just won't attach on an email. 
	* EK - video uploading is a blocker for all CMs at the moment so you might want to use sharepoint now while you wait for that to happen. 

#### Notes to discuss during 1:1

* Updates from LC's 1:1 as we head into academic summer 
* Discussing what help/support I can give the consortia within the remit
	* EK - let's speak to DC about LC capacity. 
* Unravelling the people resources for PPIE boards.  
	* EK - how many people, what their capacity is to sit on 1 or more boards. What positions you need - number of boards and number of people needed on them. Timeframe for this happening? 
* What task management tools do you use across your projects? (just brain storming would be fab) 
	* EK - Todoist for long term tracking of different project tasks - I also use paper lists and constantly update them.  

### 📚 Updates

#### Who did you help this week?
* DC & RSF team with some tech troubleshooting for the seminar series
* DC with the PPIE section of the NIHR report
* EZ with some GitHub brainstorming 

#### Who helped you this week?
* TPS Community Managers (Anne, Ayesha, Malvika) with the second session of community clinic (discussion the glossary of terms)

#### What did you achieve?

* ✅ Worked on OLS application (70% complete)
* ✅ Finished each section of ethics form. Want to allocate a couple hours to give it a once over and check for spelling/grammar/any missing pieces and then submit 🚀
* ✅ Met with PPIE theme leads to better understand their projects' needs ahead of the meeting this week
* ✅ Met with LC about summer plans and work packages
* ✅ Met with 2 further consortia
* ✅ Protected the main branches. 

#### What did you struggle with?

* I am 3 meetings behind on notes - I did the meeting recordings but just haven't caught back up. 
* Bandwidth is being taken up by the big meaty strategy tasks. Not a bad thing, just an acknowledgement that there's really important work in capturing the outcomes and learnings from meetings and work pieces that takes time to deep think about. 
* Haven't had mental/bug solving space to get the Hugo site up. Need to timeblock but there's been higher priority things, but not having that site is also creating some blocks (especially with event comms). 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Polish off the ethics and submit 🚀
* OLS Application 
* Meeting notes 
* Leading PPIE Lunchtime session 
* Prep for RSF Operations Meeting
* Meet with Skills at Turing team
* Prep materials for workshop and support Eirini. 
* Catch up on GitHub notes.
* Finish off the WelcomeBot ahead of the workshop. -> bumped to week 11 July

#### Where do you need help?

* Any recordings of TTW GitHub intro would be fantastic (EZ was asking).
	* EK - here are some links for Github intro - [OLS5 upskilling in Github beginner](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=90BOler9hqI&list=PL1CvC6Ez54KBGAovzRr9kpr_uos26m_17&index=4)
	* A session I ran recently as [Github basics](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uVsYTv4CG14)

#### Any other topics

* EK - a reflection on how you are working as a turing team is a priority before the summer. 

## Date: 28 June 2022

### Check-in ritual
* DC is an absolute star with the report! Everything else is chugging away.
* Had an ✨AMAZING✨ meeting with UCL/SSI Fellow and found an incredible overlap. Have made some connections and am also going to help them get their work on GitHub (so our group can collab with them). 

### Notes to discuss during 1:1
* Using meeting recordings to support note taking (dropbox or sharepoint for storage)
* Priority list for this next week of tasks to be done 
* GitHub training sessions slides (revise and cut down on material, give specific or relevant examples as to what you can do using GitHub e.g. [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1hglgKtdjABMYPuXTf0ePz2ffu9QEfr8z2ki79lJzKl0/edit?usp=sharing)). 
 

#### Who did you help this week?

* DC with some specific PPIE tasks for the report 
* DC with setting up the tech for the Cross Consortia session. 
* EZ with some small nuggets of GitHub knowledge, and then a proper meeting to go over various things. 
* DC/AIMRSF Team with meeting notes 
* Data Wranglers team with connecting them to UCL/SSI Fellow

#### Who helped you this week?

* EZ with being able to MVP some meetings. 
* DC with various bits of info about AIM work. 
* MF with chairing meetings so that I could scribe. 

#### What did you achieve?

* Met with 3/7 of the consortia about PPIE work and where we can support 🚀
* Made flyers and am sending out comms about the July 6th Sessions today 🌟
* Welcome Bot testing and decision to support folks working on the AIMRSF repo. 
* Meeting with UCL/SSI Fellow 🚀
	* EK - great work! :star:

#### What did you struggle with?

* Just a reduced capacity right now, brain space is being taken up so will book a day or two off next week to recharge. 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

In order of priority:
**1. Ethics form**
2. NIHR Report PPIE Support
3. Protect the main branch
4. Sending out comms about the ECR and PPIE Sessions, as well as starting to promote the GitHub Workshop
5. Meeting notes
6. OLS Application

#### Where do you need help?

* Ethics - ping Arron
* Bandwidth - reduce any non urgent + important tasks and chip away at work consistently. 



## Date: 22 June 2022

### Check-in ritual
☀️😎 Sunny days make for good vibes. 

### Project specific Reflection

**Based on last week's work plan** (see more in [achievements](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/open-community-building/edit/main/project-management/1-1-meetings/Sophia-Batchelor/weekly-meetings.md#what-did-you-achieve)):
* DC and EB are working away at the NIHR report. I've sent some details on specific work tasks DC's way and offered help for whenever it's needed. PPIE lead is still away, but DC and EB have indicated that they don't have specific asks yet. 
* External AIM-RSF website is almost up and running (have been making content changes based off suggestions from a Monday afternoon meeting) and is a priority for this week ahead of events coming up. 

**PPIE & Constortia Meetings**  
* Have been meeting with PPIE leads 1:1 and starting having larger meetings with Consortia leads (with DC & MF) that have provided so much insight!! This has been 2 weeks in the works getting set up. 

**GitHub & Community Building work** 
* Have been supporting EZ with collating GitHub training materials while also doing bitty tasks with the repositories (CoC's, Project boards, GitHub Actions, Issues, Onboarding, reviewing PR's etc). 
* ⚠️ Ran into a major blocker that EB has flagged around IT, GitHub, and Slack. As of today, we are continuing ahead as it's for the higher ups to figure out.  
* 🤦 Had issues with cross-consortia comms, email invites, and meeting links so no one showed up to Evelina's talk. We've set out a bit of a plan for how to approach this in the future. 
	* EK - thanks for flagging these issues. 	 


### Notes to discuss during 1:1

* Run through the updates.
* The upcoming changes to Slack & GitHub Collaboration. 
* Channels of communication that your projects have used successfully. 


#### Who did you help this week?

* Supported a cross-consortia meeting and took notes with EZ & MM for DC. 
* Connected MM to TTW Community and curated resources/had a discussion about attributions and authorship. 
* DC with creating his first GitHUb repository. 
* EG & EZ with setting up the Hugo site. 
* AS/TTW with reviewing the June newsletter. 

#### Who helped you this week?

* EK with the template ethics form, ✍️ and others with confirmation of what forms to use and where to find guidance. 
* EB with a super insightful meeting on the RoPA forms and GDPR. 
* EZ and MM with collaborative notes (we stayed far after the end of the work day trying to understand them)
* DC & MF with taking the lead during meetings and being fantastic folks to work with (& learn from). 
* Markus & others in REG (ask away channel) debugging some homebrew issues (and shout out to JD for some preliminary discussion). 
* DC & EB with outstanding awesomeness (they're just great folk to work with and make things easy).


#### What did you achieve?

* Ethics forms were figured out (thanks to EK & others). The blank template has been uploaded into the GitHub repo. 
* Got the probation statements in Cezanne and signed off 🎉 
* Finished the recent batch of HR forms.  
* Met with 3 PPIE leads across various projects. 
* Met with EZ and planned application for OLS (meeting notes [here](https://hackmd.io/@brainonsilicon/BJKABhaY5)). 
* Collated some resources for EZ on TTW's GitHub introduction and workshops and started creating a [presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1YTukVAA98J9kgpZcSHWgMh8R3jB5sHoO7OJt2abRn0Y/edit?usp=sharing) tailored to the consortium members.
* I've been exploring WelcomeBots and what's best to set up for the AIM-RSF community. 
* I've been on calls with various folks exploring various features on GitHub (Projects, Issues, Discussions, and GitHub Actions to link them all together) and getting them quickly onboarded into the project work that is immediately due. 
* Uploaded a starter Glossary of Terms to the GitHub repository and opened a discussion with Eirini (and others) to have around making the list easy to use.

	* EK - All great work - very happy that you and EZ are applying to OLS6.  

#### What did you struggle with?

* **Overwhlem** Feeling a smidge overwhelmed as some tasks are taking longer than expected this past week. Trying to keep working hours is proving a bit hard as I feel guilty about not getting things done in the expected timeframe (i.e. noticed lots of typos in the ethics form and some of the questions were different than the TREx approach so it's still an open task). 
* **Keeping track of tasks.** I need to rebuild up some form of task tracking system as I'm getting pings for small requests that I can do, but forget what they're related to and need to move on to the next thing. 
* **Summary Email/Notes** I fell out of habit writing end of day summaries last week so had a monster job on friday pulling it all together into an email and sending it out (was favouring getting to bed early as I'm up early on some calls with California last week and this). I've picked the daily logs back up this week but not having sent out that email (and even just curating it for myself) have left a massive gap in internal comms.  

	* EK - you are doing great so try not to feel overwhelmed - you are progressing on tasks so making progress. Project boards sounds like a good future plan for task tracking. Summary notes - they are hard to maintain so maybe doing this verbally or putting your personal summaries in a doc on github so you don't have to clean up? 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Ethics submission (the commitee meet generally 2 x month - or at least they're supposed to) so I've just missed themost recent one and will shoot for the July meeting. 
* Meetings with the consortia.
* Events website. 
* OLS Application. 
* External communication about the PPIE and ECR sessions (planned for July 6th).
* Summary notes (back in the habit). 

#### Where do you need help?

* Would love if I could offload the Code of Conduct and GitHub documentation tasks (possibly to EZ). 
	* EK - let's try to have a discussion with EZ about tasks.  

#### Any other topics

* Any suggestions for how I can better support EZ?


## Date: 14 June 2022

## Check-in ritual

### Project specific Reflection

* LC is away for the next few weeks and the NIHR report deadline is coming up so I'm stepping up with DC to fill in some PPIE gaps, the Drugs Coding work is getting set up quick as the wave 1 funding is wrapping up soon so quite a few projects have deadlines to meet. 
* The new Data Wrangler is getting a lot put on their plate, and EZ has some space to wrap their head around things. 
* I haven't heard much about the stakeholder mapping task and Mural is blocked so it seems like Excel might be a good place for things at this point in time. 
* The TREx ethics forms may not have been the correct ones to fill out based on the current handover for TREx - Tony and Vanessa have been emailed to get more clarity on this. 
* DC is starting to set up conections with the consortia PMs so I can reach out about PPIE workstreams. 
	* EK - let's bring the Mural issue to the Whitaker lab meeting this week as it seems to be becoming more of a problem.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

* Probation statements
	* EK - we have discussed this and SB to submit this week. 
* Workload (taking things in moderation)
	* EK - you already have a lot of tasks so please concentrate on those ones and don't take anymore unless it is urgent.  

#### Who did you help this week?

* EZ & MM with onboarding their first week 
* MM with general task support when she had questions
* LC with some strategy for getting in touch with the PPIE consortia leads. 

#### Who helped you this week?

* HR with chair and general support. 
* EG with some great input on docs
* DC with reviewing and giving input into some PR's and other docs 
* AS, HS, & EP with the CarpentriesCon submission
* EK with the connection to SSI fellow

#### What did you achieve?

* ✅ Ethics proposal draft completed (only for it to be the TREx one, and not the current form - GA & I have reached out to Vanessa, Tony and Victoria for clarity after talking to Chris)
* ✅ CarpentriesCon proposal submitted with AS, HS, & EP.
* ✅ Drafted probation statements 
* ✅ Onboarding sessions were awesome 🎉
* ✅ Presented in the Community Management meeting
* ✅ Met with a project lead about PPIE 
* ✅ Set up some repositories and assigned teams 
* ✅ Connected with SSI fellow at UCL about drugs coding 
* ✅ Continued mapping engagement metrics from the consortia meetings 
* ✅ Connected with external group (Richmond Charities) who run PPIE workstreams

* EK - This is all great! 🌟 and thanks for being the main onboarder of the new starters 🙌

#### What did you struggle with?

* Feeling like I need to dial back the workload a touch this week and focus on only a few big tasks. 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Figuring out what ethics forms actually need to be submitted (and to who - the link on Topdesk returns a `Page not Found`)
* Supporting GitHub training materials being collated 
* Supporting DC with the NIHR report (PPIE lead is away on leave) 
* External AIM-RSF website

#### Where do you need help?

* Support moderating what I should/can take on. 

#### Any other topics

- This space is yours to add to as needed.
- Is there any particular reading/topic/task we want to explore and bring to our next meetings?

## Date: 7 June 2022

### Check-in ritual
(Examples: recognitions (recognize colleagues), sparkling moments (recognize community members), shout-outs)
Been a busy week, but I'm super ✨ about the work that's got done and the direction things are heading. DC is an absolute rockstar and I'm really excited to meet our new team members!

### Project specific Reflection

Feeling a bit stuck in places due to not having a clear picture of what’s going on inside the consortia. 
We need to get an information processing piece in place, and after that’s confirmed then I might be able to start reaching out to folk and having coffee chats to get an idea of what’s going on. 
So I’m feeling a bit stuck unable to identify the known unknowns, and daunted but unknown unknowns.
* EK - get yourself invited to project meetings so that you can be that lurker - listen for people of interest and also tasks you can intervene. 

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

* Approaching AutSPACEs workblocks
	* EK - planning of what task need doing, time they will take and deadlines for doing each - work out with GA. Also think about blocking some time to do this work.   
* Community Managers meeting plan
	*  EK - all great!

#### Who did you help this week?

* DC with drafting the knowledge management doc 
* AS & TTW folk with input into a conference proposal 

#### Who helped you this week?

* AL with some supportive brainstorming about github repos
* DC reviewing my PRs
* VH with reviewing a PR 
* DC giving input into the onboarding back
* AS & JD with some great coworking and conversation
* LC with some insight into the glossary task - We’ve scoped it and passed in on to me so I’m now the task Owner. 

#### What did you achieve?

* Finished pulling together the onboarding docs for our new starters.
* Set up GitHub Org, created first repo, and invited all across from the old repo.
* Drafted and got feedback (DC, EB, & EK) on the Knowledge Management doc
* Submitted a monster PR and got the first months' work merged into main. 
* Drafted submission for CarpentriesCon. 
	* EK - making great progress. 

#### What did you struggle with?

* Wow! The 3 day week really shortened how much work I could get done.

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Draft of ethics proposal finished (goal: sent for review by Friday 10 in prep for meeting CB scheduled for Monday 13) 
* Onboarding and supporting EZ and MM. 
* Community Manager Team meeting (Deadline Thursday 9 June). 
* CarpentriesCon proposal (Deadline Friday June 10th) 
* HR 1-3 week probation statements (Deadline ASAP)
* Stretch Goal: 
	* Scoping out a way to get in touch with PPIE folk and get insight into the research projects. 

#### Where do you need help?

* Brainstorming/Sense checking on presentation plan for Community Managers meeting.
* Soundboarding on work needed for AutSPACEs and what I can start saying yes to.

#### Any other topics
* EK - Probation statements - on the list to do please.


## Date: 31 May 2022 

### Check-in ritual
* EB was absoultely fab with nuggets of knowledge this past week! 
* I'm super happy with how the GitHub meeting went and I think it brought a lot of clarity to the path ahead.
	* EK - this is great!   

### Project specific Reflection
* GitHub meeting was super useful & we've now got some clear actions and a path ahead
* I got a lot of clarity from small meetings last week about the Stakeholder mapping -  it was a rare "this meeting could not have been an email" type of thing and it was so great to get the clarity. 
* I would like to move forward with DC/EK/MS clearly identifying time requirements. 
	* EK - I will follow up with DC about the minimum objectives. 


### Notes to discuss during 1:1
* Are there any comms channels between myself & the next layer (DC/EK/MS) that I'm not utilizing/that would be useful? 
	* EK - I will feedback to MS but do contact her about any specific help you need.  


#### Who did you help this week?
* EB & EG with some comms for the upcoming ECR session
* DC & EB awith some background on how github's features can support project management
* GA with the AutSPACEs presentation
* EK with some co-working on stakeholder mapping and how to approach it

#### Who helped you this week?
* GA with coworking and getting the presentation done
* EB with flagging the RoPA form and looping me in to some training plans 
* EG with applying (& getting) a educational license for the GitHub org
* RSF Legacy and PPIE leads for open comms around work plans
* AL with some awesome reflections on community management 

* EK - great that you are still reaching out for discussions - this is often very fruitful. 🍓

#### What did you achieve?
* ✅ Meetings with other RSF PPIE folk 
* ✅ Meetings with RAMs and Community Managers and drew out some shared learnings 
* ✅ Chaired meeting on GitHub and moved forward with the decision.
* ✅ Started setting up the AIM-RSF GitHub organization.
* ✅ Created, recorded, & submitted the AutSPACEs conference presentation w. GA & community
* ✅ Drafted stakeholder mapping and synced across the various folks about project scope. 

	* EK - Great work! 💪

#### What did you struggle with?
* The specific style and frequency of co-working that was scheduled for the presentation ate into a lot of the time during the week and delayed other tasks. 
	* EK - this is fine - you will have time when you need to priortise talks etc, - this is part of your role so just keep other tasks ticking over at those times. 

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Getting the AIM-RSF GitHub Org set up with clear documentation. 
* Establishing clear communication lines for the stakeholder mapping tasks.
* Syncing with Dave about work plans.
* If time: 
    * continue to work on ethics submission (aim for a completed draft sent to CB by 10th June).
    * review a TTW Pull Request. 


#### Where do you need help?
* Just some grace that I'm rocketing through things and things may be a day later than initially planned while I catch up from delays. 
	* EK - don't stress about this - you are doing great! 🌟 

#### Any other topics
* EK - I will email HR about probation statements as theses are currently not on your Cezanne. 


## Date: 24 May 2022

### Check-in ritual
Have been feeling very appreciated by the team lately. Good vibes all around.
* EK - I am getting great feedback on how you are doing so a big well done!

### Project specific Reflection

Got a lot of clarity around work remit, project scope, and work tasks in the past week which is great! The citizen science platform is a big part of work that is a priority for the project. It will require focus groups first and appropriate scoping, but it is a big piece that we’re moving forward with. There’s a lot of work coming down the pipeline now and I have a better understanding of how to prioritise tasks aligned with the bigger picture. 
* EK - this is great for getting clarity on tasks.

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

* Run through updates, larger discussion on the ["help" task](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/open-community-building/edit/main/project-management/1-1-meetings/Sophia-Batchelor/weekly-meetings.md#where-do-you-need-help)
	* Am unsure how to balance "I can support or take on a task" with the worry that I'm taking work off people. I feel like I can keep myself busy but also have tasks flagged as key that I don't know how to/if I should take over. 
	* EK - I have met with DC and MS about producing a minimum set of task for you and then some 'what would be nice' add ons. DC should get this to us this week. 

#### Who did you help this week?

* EG with running the ECR session
* DC with some github workflows
* GA & AutSPACEs team with some strategy work
* AutSPACEs community with some work tasks and creating presentations
* GA with some conference talk planning 
* DC & EB with some Zoom meeting management 
* 👫 with some life balancing 

* EK - great work! 🙌

#### Who helped you this week?

* GA with getting a draft presentation outlined 
* CB with some ethics resources 
* BGT with some steering about work when he joins 
* DC with awesome support 
* EK with some github file management suggestions

* EK - keep reaching out for help as collaboration is our thing 😉

#### What did you achieve?

* ✅ Hosted the ECR lunchtime session (and have added notes to GitHub, see PR here)
* ✅ Chatted with Chris Burr and began outlining ethics submission for focus group
* ✅ Had awesome AutSPACEs strategy meeting 
* ✅🎉 Met with Lynsey Cross about PPIE work scope and priorities (and got awesome clarity about priorities!)
* ✅ Started scoping out GitHub options in preparation for meeting
* ✅ Planned and drafted presentation for Austistica festival (Due: 30 May)

* EK - wonderful work Sophia 🤩

#### What did you struggle with?

* ⚡‼️💥 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Finish presentation for Autistica Festival
* Record presentation for Autistica Festival 
* 60% first draft of ethics form for TREx
* GitHub meeting (outcomes & decision factors documented)
* Meet with PPIE & Legacy leads (Lynsey Cross and Mon Fletcher) to sync up about work being done
* Reach out to NIHR PPIE folk (People in Research) via email to open a line of dialogue 
* Plan for small presentation week of the 6th about work plan and task scope

#### Where do you need help?

* Soundboarding & sense check on work environments/remit. Aka. Should I start chipping away at the Citizen Science in a box work and shift the other tasks?
	* EK - we chatted about this and DC will provide a list of task for you to focus on - hopefully this will give you a clear stir of where to invest your time. 	

#### Any other topics



## Date: 17 May 2022

### Check-in ritual

DC (and EB with all the set up!!) has been an absolute star. I've been seeing the amount of invisible work that he does and it's brill ⚡

### Project specific Reflection

* Have found (almost) all the docs! It was a massive unblocking to get access to things and read through them to understand the project and how I'm meant to fit in. 
* Am still finding my feet understanding what my role is within the bigger picture - but I know this will become clear with time (and once I've met with LC) 
	* EK - Good progress getting access to all docs. 🌟

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

#### Who did you help this week?

* EG, DC, and others by stepping up to run the ECR lunchtime session this week. 
* GA with some strategy scoping on AutSPACEs.
* 👫 when they became unwell. 
* 🐐 duties and lab checkins. 

* EK - great work. 

#### Who helped you this week?

* VH with understanding the community manager role and how they navigated it. 
* EG with understanding more about the goals of the ECR engagement. 
* JD with a remote call (was going to be in person) understanding their work and brainstormed ideas. 
* DC with some great support, giving feedback, and working hard to get me up to speed. 

* EK - keep asking for help where you need it. Wonderful that you have DC and EG for support. 

#### What did you achieve?
> these are easy wins as they're 'learning' and 'get to know folk' focused. 

**Big Win:** 🌟 I made a flyer (that I was quite proud of) and drafted up information about the ECR lunch session to be sent out. 
* EK - the flyer looks fab. 

Community Management:
* ✅ Have got access to the GitHub Repo and Sharepoint and am familair with the contents
* ✅ found an area of the NIHR AIM site which has docs on PPIE here
* ✅ Gained better understanding of the challenges some groups are facing in terms of data access and sharing of methods.
* ✅ Attended first RSF seminar 
* ✅ Attended first RSF Ops meeting (and made a few suggestions)
* ✅ Reached out to events team to understand what their role is and how my role and theirs can work together 
* ✅ Read through Sharepoint files and got up to speed some more

PPIE/Focus Groups:
* ✅ Read through the TREx forms and have started scoping what sort of questions the focus groups are needed for. 
* ✅ Had meeting wih Georgia to learn about how AutSPACEs approached focus groups. 

General Learning:
* ✅ Attended seminar from MSF Scientific Days International on community involvement in their organisation's projects.

#### What did you struggle with?

* I felt blocked on tasks and weren't able to remove the blockers myself. 
* Feeling guilty for not doing more work for the SSI speed blogging group. 

#### What would you like to work on this week?

Urgent & Important: 
1. Prepping for and running the ECR lunchtime session (3hrs)
2. Preparing materials for the brainstorm meeting on migrating docs to GitHub (5 hours, open ended)

Urgent: 
3. AutSPACEs conference talk (8-10 hours - of this week). Deadline May 30th to have it filmed and submitted. 

Important:
4. Draft of TREx Ethics Submission (3 work days)
	
* EK - Looking great - but let's talk more about task prioritising next week.  

#### Where do you need help?

* Understanding more about how different groups use GitHub (emphasis on understanding the logic, the approach, and the organizational structure)
	* EK - I gave a tour of the Decovid repository and we talked about how it is used and approach taken in that project. 

#### Any other topics

* Are there any books, blogs, or short coffee readings about community management, health data etc that you would reccomend. 
	* EK - I will have a think about this more but of the top of my head - I like [CSCCE blogs and resources](https://www.cscce.org/resources/online-communities-and-communication-tools/)


## Date: 10 May 2022

### Check-in ritual
* AB was a massive help double checking some admin & reimbursement forms I was unsure about AND had a great coffee last week getting me up to speed
* EG was super awesome getting me up to speed with the RSF
* Awesome onboarding session with MS, DC, & EB
* Super grateful for folks from the Public Policy team who took me to lunch on Friday
	* EK - great that you have connected with so many people already. 🌟

### Project specific Reflection

* Current tasks are about getting up to speed with where things are at with the RSF, and what sort of work do I need to muck in on short term. 
  * There seems to be a good opportunity to lead with some Turing Way workflows in how notes and the like are stored & shared. Will need to have a few scoping conversations to figure out what the best way forward will be. 
  	* EK - let's chat about DECOVID repo when you start working no your repository. 	
	* This presents a small challenge as putting a line in the sand and forcing everything into markdown and github may not meet the community where they are and so deep thinking is needed. 
* Worked to integrate reviewer feedback for a conference submission on AutSPACEs with GA. Am exploring/figuring out what the split between AutSPACEs and AIM will be.
	* EK - This is great!  

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

* Feeling like I'm not necessarily doing "tasks" at the moment. Am just unsure of if I should be working harder and mucking in more: and am finding the balance difficult between the phd mindset vs working life mindset where it's okay to not solve all the world's problems in a day. 
	* EK - start a few of the tasks from your list sent last friday such as community mapping and glossary - drawing info together that you have and then asking for input.   

#### Who did you help this week?

* GA with integrating reviewer feedback
* DC & EB with brainstorming some operational steps for AIM that support an open workflow
	* EK - great work! 

#### Who helped you this week?

* Everyone!
	* Onboarding: MS (with the awesome checklist), EK, EB & DC, EG, AB
	* Feeling welcome: everyone as listed above and also JD, AC, VH, + Turing office folk 

#### What did you achieve?

* Connected with RSF collaborators CN and MF via email 
* Set up coffee call with CN (collaborator) (DC suggested we get in touch) 
* Worked on a revision request for a conference workshop for AutSPACEs
* Connected with DC around RSF strategy and working openly
* Finished reading through RSF github repo
* Finished HR onboarding & Cyber Security training
* Started working on reimbursement forms 
* Onboarded into cm-team with MS
* Met with 4 of Turing's leads on the AIM RSF and synthesized an overview of the project & my role
	* ⚠️ would appreciate guidance on where the from the email notes can be stored
* Collated preliminary scope of my responsibilities 

#### What did you struggle with?

* Covid delays have made it difficult to meet with specific PPIE folk
	* EK - Just keep asking when you can connect.  
* General feelings of "should I be doing something more useful with my time" 
	* EK - you have already done so much! Keep going to meetings, listening and meeting more people - this is the unseen work of community managers. 
* Also need to keep an eye on how I'm structuring my days as I'm starting early and finishing late and have been excited and caught up in tasks so haven't taken clever breaks. It was the first week though, so it's a self-check more than anything else. 
	* EK - Something to keep an eye on - you will find a good routine once you are fully settled in. 

#### What would you like to work on next week?

- [ ] Continue reading through the resources shared by Dave and Elizabeth, & what is on the GitHub repo. 
- [ ] Organise a meeting with LC and other PPIE folk to understand the PPIE work that is being done.
- [ ] Attend all AIM RSF meetings and get a deeper understanding of how my work fits in 
- [ ] Bubble away at ethics approval, glossary, community mapping and open workflow. 

#### Where do you need help?

* Brainstorming where to start on 'creating an open workflow that embodies TPS principles into AIM RSF'. Don't need an instant solution, more so an experienced sounding board to help formalize ideas and think up the right questions to ask. 

#### Any other topics

* You've mentioned that you maintain a repo that is mainly used by you (and not collaborators). Can I ask why others don't use it? (I'm trying to scope out how open consortia folks will be to github workflows).

--- 

## TEMPLATE 

## Date: YYYY-MM-DD

### Check-in ritual
(Examples: recognitions (recognize colleagues), sparkling moments (recognize community members), shout-outs)

### Project specific Reflection

*Review your current projects, relation and skill-building that you are working on. *
(Since last week, review the progress you’ve made towards your goals. Any challenges to mention? Review if we can attract any attention or help highlight your work.)

### Notes to discuss during 1:1

*You can move points from your reflections to the following sections as needed.*

### 📚 Updates

#### Who did you help this week?

Replace this text with a one/two-sentence description of who you helped this week and how.

#### Who helped you this week?

Replace this text with a one/two-sentence description of who helped you this week and how.

#### What did you achieve?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of what you achieved this week.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!

#### What did you struggle with?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list.

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of what you would like to work on next week.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!
* Try to estimate how long each task will take.

#### Where do you need help?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of what you need help on.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!
* Try to estimate how long each task will take.

#### Any other topics

- This space is yours to add to as needed.
- Is there any particular reading/topic/task we want to explore and bring to our next meetings?
