# Sophia and Bastian Weekly Meeting Notes 

* [12 February 2024](#12-February-2024)
* [5 February 2024](#5-February-2024)
* [29 January 2024](#29-January-2024)
* [23 January 2024](#23-January-2024)

## 12 February 2024

### Project Updates [[taskboard]](https://github.com/orgs/aim-rsf/projects/15/views/2)
* **Inclusive Events Chapter / PPIE Chapter**
  * âœ… Suggestion being added to GitHub
  * Next steps: update links and make a reviewable PR
  * Next steps: make changes to other files
* **RCM Paper**
  * âœ… Draft was finalized last week
* Blog Post
  * Theme 5 has said that they can advise and steer.  


### What would you like to work on this week?
* PPIE chapter edits 
* Feb PPIE Session notes - summarize and send out

#### Where do you need help?
* Reviewing PRs once they have been submitted
* Scoping the Blog Post 

#### Other Updates and Notes
* 

### Notes
*


## 5 February 2024

### Project Updates [[taskboard]](https://github.com/orgs/aim-rsf/projects/15/views/2)
* **Inclusive Events Chapter / PPIE Chapter**
  * âœ… "Working" Draft was wrapped up end of last week and reviewed by BGT
  * Suggestions to be incorporated this week 
* âœ… **Introductions for EM**
  * Made intros with various PPIE leads, still chasing down a few projects that changed leads   
* ðŸ›‘ **Genius Within form** waiting to hear back from Lucy
* **RCM Paper**
  * Draft to be finalized this week 

### What would you like to work on this week?
* PPIE chapter edits 
* RCM Paper
* Cont. introductions for EM
* Updated PPIE mailing list
* Bob's Business
* Feb PPIE Session

#### Where do you need help?
* More reviewing once I finish going through the suggestions
  *  Once finished with updates, we'll pop a meeting in and go through it together
* Updates from chat with SH/CoP (.....MOOP?)
  * This meeting is happening this week (not last week) so will be pushed to next week 

#### Other Updates and Notes
* March PPIE Meeting planning
  * conference discussions
  * topic/request for sessions, what would you like to learn/hear about in the lead up
  * invites handover? (access to main mailbox?)
    * Ask BA (to get confirmation on which task) - possibly redrafting the invites  
* PPIE-specific town hall will be planned and run in the future to get feedback and input about the conference

### Notes
* there is a benefit to both curating resources (youtube playlist/other resources) **AND** a "live" session/synchronous experience which gives the option to ask questions
* Connect with Emma and see if some ECRs would be interested in the opportunity of getting experience in sci-comm and connecting with members of the public
  * We could make a more targetted call next month once we have some more refined topics to present about (i.e. the topics that folks want to hear about)
* open the door for suggestions and input about what internal sessions Theme 4 can run to support us for the conference
  * Pop note in the Ops meeting notes.  

## 29 January 2024

### Project Updates [[taskboard]](https://github.com/orgs/aim-rsf/projects/15/views/2)
* **Inclusive Events Chapter / PPIE Chapter**
  * "Working" Draft to be reviewed by end of this week
* âœ… **Genius Within form** sent back to Lucy with details filled in and request for more info
* âœ… **Objectives** were submitted

### What would you like to work on this week?
* The Inclusive Events Chapter
* Introductions for EM

#### Where do you need help?
* Sickness Review Meeting
* Brainstorming for the PPIE Community Sessions
  * It would be good to hear from the projects
  * Some of the PPIE leads have changed hands, need to track down who the new leads are
  * BGT meeting SH next Friday

#### Other Updates
* Giulia also wants to meet PPIE leads
  * May have an opportunity to identify topics through the conversations 


## 23 January 2024

### Project Updates [[taskboard]](https://github.com/orgs/aim-rsf/projects/15/views/2)
* **Inclusive Events Chapter / PPIE Chapter**
  * Currently working on pulling out sections that are relevant to members of the public without disabilities and reworking sentences.
  * ETA 2 weeks for working draft
* **Objectives**
  * Needed updating but currently "in workflow task" so cannot be edited on my side 
  * BGT "sent back" the first draft in Cezanne so that they can be edited again!

### What would you like to work on this week?
* Submit the 2024 objectives 
* AIM RSF Team Day
* Genius Within form submission 
* HDRUK Plain Language Workshop
* Inclusive Events/PPIE Chapter detangle

#### Where do you need help?
* Preparing updates for Ops meeting. What is our roadmap for the year?
  * Roadmap is whatever is left in the delivery plan
  * Supporting conference, the survey, the monthly community sessions, chapter, community of practice write-up/paper
  * BGT to lead the shareouts and updates
* Plan for Theme 5 discussion.
  * The question is about how Theme 5 is to present about the Theme 4 work
  * Low engagement about Theme 4's outputs
  * How to make the PPIE activities more visable
* Planning/scope for PPIE Conference town halls.
  * Wait for PMs to get in touch and make plans.
  * Updates to come in the Team Day
* Approval of objectives.
