# ALS + MS check-ins 2022

* [2022-12-13](#2022-12-13)
* [2022-11-02](#2022-11-02)
* [2022-10-26](#2022-10-26)
* [2022-10-11](#2022-10-11)
* [2022-10-04](#2022-10-04)
* [2022-09-27](#2022-09-27)
* [2022-09-20](#2022-09-20)
* [2022-09-06](#2022-09-06)
* [2022-08-09](#2022-08-09)
* [2022-07-26](#2022-07-26)
* [2022-06-28](#2022-06-28)
* [2022-06-21](#2022-06-21)
* [2022-06-14](#2022-06-14)
* [2022-06-07](#2022-06-07)
* [2022-05-10](#2022-05-10)
* [2022-05-03](#2022-05-03)
* [2022-04-19](#2022-04-19)
* [2022-04-12](#2022-04-12)
* [2022-04-05](#2022-04-05)
* [2022-03-29](#2022-03-29)
* [2022-03-25](#2022-03-25)
* [2022-08-23](#2022-08-23)

# 2022-01-10
Happy new year! :)
- MS: Bringing things meetings
  - 1:1 meetings - where should this be? Logistical questions: these should be more about a space that you define? How can we reimagine these meetings? Length & Frequency!
  - Every 2nd or 3rd month, have a meeting on career development (active feedback). Define a space for me? My role within Turing Way, open science hat? Do you want feedback from me on different things? Personal coaching?
  - What other places enable this kind of project tracking in real time?   
  - We had talked about wanting to use January for goal-setting+setting the tone for the rest of the year, maybe through a reading day. How shall we do that?
  - ALS: Will bring to next week.
- MS: Events calendar. Predictability of events. Way of accessing our events calendar. For external folks (in Turing). Will be posted on microsite.
  - ALS: Create calendar system for upcoming talks + events.  Campaigning.
- Upcoming events: Budgeting, Timing Questions.
  - FOSDEM - invitation to do in-person in Brussels (Feb 4-5). Feb 4 at 16hrs. Can do online.
    - MS: Should be able to do in person!
  - FOSS Backstage: invitation to do in-person in Berlin (Mar 17-18). Time not confirmed. Presenting with DG, can do online.
    - MS: Check with in-person with DG. Check about supporting travel.
  - Connections Workshop: In Newcastle. Scheduled for 7 Feb at 11:30am. Asked about dinner on 6th - possibility of co-presenting with TTW team member? Any other planning required?
    - MS: Go alone, and confirm.
  - AI CDT Fair Principles. Scheduled for 25 Jan and 15 Feb.
    - MS: EK confirmed. Presenting with EK and EZ. Double checking about bringing in MS.
  - OpenUK State of Open Con: In London with MS (Feb 7-8).
  - FORCE22: Invited to speak about localisation on 19 April at 10am. Must respond by 15 January.
  - Am I missing any other upcoming events?
- Proposal status and upcoming submissions:
  - Connections workshop: . Confirmed - any planning required?
  - MozFest: proposal submitted. Waiting on status. JD interested in getting involved.
  - csv,CONF: proposal submitted. Waiting on status.
  - MetaScience 2023: due 23 Jan. AB preparing proposal.
  - RightsCon: Submit by 19 January. Should we?
    - MS: Resubmit info from BA & LC. Ask if they're interested in getting involved.
  - ACM CHI: Submit by 19 January. Should we?
    - MS: Can be more proactive about asking folks to present in these spaces! Signposting for folks about joining data science/AI/HCI platforms. The Carpentries have an etherpad where they have listed all the months with different conferences listed.
    - MS: List for people attending conferences - can add their names to keep track of people attending. Jez & Patricia enabled that - can add advice?
    - ALS: Thinking about how to make more open!
  - Royal Society Meeting - invited on May 23 by JA on 22-23 May in Glasgow. May overlap with Book Dash. Should other team member present?
  - Any other submissions/conferences we should keep in mind?
- Upcoming Applications
  - Enrichment Students: due by 31 January
  - GSoD/GSoC:
- Planning Book Dash Dates May 2023: week of 22-26 May?
- Merch order: Following up with Hatch this week. Should order still be sent to MS address? ---> Will follow up with Fireside chat organisers + Core Team about addresses. Talking with KW about release form.
  - MS: Change back to MS?
- Fireside chats: Can bring some suggestions for topics & calendar to next meeting. Restart the series in February?
- Onboarding documents + meetings.
  - Meeting with SL next Monday for onboarding.
  - Invited AAA to Collab Cafe on 18 Jan.
  - Preparing documentation.
- Planning time for 2023 strategy: with KW, AB?
  - MS: Plan for calendar time in person. Plan for online in February. AAA can observe online, will help AB. Feb better in terms of timing.
- MS: Planning for Practitioners Hub: BridgeAI, OpenUK. RPM, PD, RAM work would be more focused on that at first. Microsite planning (will follow up with AB). RPM needs to make operational work set-up. Where do you struggle with PM? Where can you delegate this to RPM? Weekly, Monthly, Yearly tasks.
- Upcoming working abroad plan: documents, timing.

# 2022-12-13
- Ongoing newsletter draft: https://hackmd.io/HnWkW6m6Q3uo-Y92dUc_lg
- Onboarding materials for core team: https://hackmd.io/pBysnLn2QxKMCHqPKvj9uA?both
- Mozilla submission:
- RPM role: candidate update
- Final review day before holidays?
- Upcoming holiday dates and plans
- OLS- final mentor/mentee call
- Merch order: delayed to early 2023?

### Ongoing Tasks
- Sending off newsletter before the end of the year
- Reminder about addresses
- Fireside review form: - 460 unique sign-ups: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1x7glptRAaXp_nEXfCZ33216k3zbKJ6B-iN749CIHiso/edit#gid=1876797524

# 2022-11-02
- Urgent updates from Monday/Tuesday?
- Confirming Book Dash details (see below)
- Newsletter
  - Adding to Tinyletter
  - Tiny edits re: RPM job description
  - Adding zenodo links
- Talks
  - BA - RiotScience
  - DG - FOSS Backstage

### Ongoing tasks
- Full updates here: https://github.com/orgs/alan-turing-institute/projects/27/views/1
- Book Dash
  - Accessibility chat: confirming this week: Thursday
  - Creating channel for github workshop with MS
  - Creating accessibility talk channel
  - London Hub
    - Booking room in Turing
    - Buying own food + reimbursement afterwards
  - Following up with Asia/Aus hub
    - Email + slack reminder
  - Booking room for London hub - Tuesday
  - Supporting development of Community Share-outs
    - Planning agenda
    - Send agenda to planning committee
  - Confirm: Zine workshop no longer happening?
  - Organising store with Redbubble vouchers.
    - MS will respond
  - Cards - ALS will send card update
  - Signing up for workshop with OLS -
  - Onboarding people
  - MS:
    - Will update Etherpad
  - Note for assigning tasks after Book Dash during internal review
  - Github issue: any tasks that need to get done, will post in planning committee channel - https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/issues/2623
- Working Groups
  - Ask groups for time for documentation
  - Scheduling kick-off for Maintainers WG (with agenda)
- OLS: checking in
- Ordering cards: sending AB + MLS info for ordering cards
- Fireside chat: following up with participants + co-organisers
  - Address collection
  - Retrospective release forms
  - Ordering + sending cards

### Proposal Updates
- FOSS Backstage - 13 Nov - deadline extended
- FOSDEM 2023 - due 15 Nov - submission in progress
- csv,CONF 2023 - due 25 Nov - submission in progress

# 2022-11-02

### To review with MS
- Will be starting annual review in the comming weeks (appraisal, annual review)
- Introducing a PM and task tracking system for my everyday/long term work.: https://github.com/orgs/alan-turing-institute/projects/27/views/1
- Finishing up newsletter draft this afternoon. Have a couple of things to field from various teams in TTW: https://hackmd.io/YEu81jOKRwim7cWFgIJELA
  - MS: Collaboration cafe will review.
  - MS: Keep color photos. Will use second photo.
  - MS: Create a one pager summary of fireside chats. Postal address form address for people. Secure way to accept address with GDPR.
- Send budget document for RedBubble. Incoming for greeting cards.
  - MS: Will be sending feedback.
- Book Dash planning: reaching out to Mars, Liz, Andrea about accessibility social hour talk. Confirm times that this would be possible: Thursday, 14-15:30 hours?  https://pad.sfconservancy.org/p/ttw-bookdash-nov2022-day3
- Fireside Chat: sending review survey to attendees for Nov and Oct fireside.  
- Setting up project board for reviewing fireside video transcripts: can offer redbubble
- CoC training for CoC: Sending a response. Make sure to be prompt in response under 24/7 hours. Will let people know about it.
- Data Conversations: MS will respond to Alisha

### Ongoing tasks
- TPS Coffee Chats: booking speakers
  - JD+Hugging Face team: first group
  - Danny: second talk
    - MS: Timing might not be good.

### Proposal updates
  - RDA Alliance Plenary 2023 - due 31 Oct - did not submit. MS: was invited to attend. It should be all right.
  - FOSS Backstage - 6 Nov - submission in progress. Adding submission for Danny there.
  - FOSDEM 2023 - due 15 Nov
  - csv,CONF 2023 - due 25 Nov
  - MozFest - open
  - RightsCon - open

### Event Updates
- RIOT Science - following up with BA this week

# 2022-10-26
### Questions for MS
- How was your holiday?!
- Invited to join FORRT - MS: grassroots, alignment with TTW, focused in neuroscience, attend meeting
- OpenUK - invited to in-person
- OSM: invited to give talk about research
- Reporting update - anything I need to add?
- What is the best way for me to get started with Book Dash scheduling?
  - Data Conversations: reached out to MM (LA - Argentinian health center as health center)
  - Mars Lee interested in accessibility sessions <- other social chat?
  - Preparing "gift bags"
  - Next steps?
- Thank you illustrations (Scriberia) - order some cards! (bulk!)
- Gifts for everyone for Fireside Chat (!)

### Ongoing tasks
- Planning for BTS (all set for tomorrow?)
- October Fireside <-- Make ask to share explicit, since we are great!
- Book Dash planning
- TPS Coffee Chats: booking speakers
  - JD+Hugging Face team: first group
- Newsletter: draft tomorrow morning, to send by Friday morning?
- TPS + Public Policy team project (Practioner Hub project) - MS: Research Ethics handbook, Turing Commons, TTW
- TTW upcoming postdoc role
  - PM for TTW: content & reporting, newsletter, eventbrite, operational focus, etc.
  - Postdoc for TTW: strategic work, partnership management, domain-specific organisation, impact in context, case studies, coordination + research oriented
  - 5 months of freelance/writing: CM paper, RAM paper, TTW papers

### Thank yous
- GA for October fireside chat planning!
- JD + AB for planning BTS hackathon (piloting a new model!)
- SB for sharing training info

### Event Updates
- Hacktoberfest (all of October) - not too many participants so far?
- Turing Enrichment students (11 Oct) - today!
- Genomics England Health Equity Conference (20 Oct) - success!
- King's college- Telling Stories with Data (27 Oct) - moved to next year
- Big Team Science (27 Oct) -
- Book Dash (14 - 18 Nov) - planning ongoing
- Community Share out + Governance forum (18 Nov)
- RIOT Science (30 Nov) - recent addition
- Malvika keynote (November)
- McGill Open Science event (November)
- TPS Chats December (December)
- Last Collaboration Cafe celebration! (7 December) - Closed until the second week of January

### Proposal updates
- FORCE11 2022 - submitted!
- RDA Alliance Plenary 2023 - due 31 Oct - in progress (MS: post in #community channel)
- FOSS Backstage - 6 Nov
- FOSDEM 2023 - due 15 Nov
- csv,CONF 2023 - due 25 Nov
MS: Ask people about getting involved with upcoming notes!

# 2022-10-11
### Ongoing tasks
- Research Fish: need invitation to join TTW report
- TTW reporting: due by 13th - emphasise key findings and narrative impact
- Newsletter: need to carve out time this week (huge amount of updates from September)
- Feedback loop for working groups & fireside chat
- October fireside chat: possibly someone from NASA citizen science, any recommendations?: https://science.nasa.gov/citizenscience
- Book Dash internal process: review form to review applicants, share sheet of applicants with committee
- Planning for 2023:
  - Submissions for upcoming conferences + talks
  - Planning for 5-6 workshops next year:
    - Facilitation workshops
    - GitHub
    - BinderHub
    - Reproducibility Workshop (w/ centre for doctoral training)
- Conflict of interest document
- Sending email for ATI newsletter
- Working Groups: People have professional accountability with each other, slow down!    

### Thank yous
- GA for October fireside chat

### Event Updates
- Hacktoberfest (all of October)
- Turing Enrichment students (11 Oct) - today!
- Genomics England Health Equity Conference (20 Oct)
- King's college- Telling Stories with Data (27 Oct)
- Big Team Science (27 Oct)
- Book Dash (14 - 18 Nov)
- Community Share out + Governance forum (18 Nov)
- RIOT Science (30 Nov) - recent addition
- Malvika keynote (November)
- McGill Open Science event (November)
- TPS Chats December (December)
- Last Collaboration Cafe celebration! (7 December) - Closed until the second week of January

### Proposal updates
- FORCE 2022 - due 20 Oct
- RDA Alliance Plenary 2023 - due 31 Oct
- FOSS Backstage - 6 Nov
- FOSDEM 2023 - due 15 Nov
- csv,CONF 2023 - due 25 No

# 2022-10-04
### Ongoing tasks
- Will be sending out the survey for the fireside out this week, to the September attendees & August attendees
- Refashioning the "October Fireside into a kind of Fireside Forum – and sending off information this week about having representatives from the working groups at the forum.
- In terms of Hacktoberfest? I can start to post information around about this in various channels? Looking at the info, it seems like a lot of things we are doing already can count towards the contribution count? Will read up on it more.
  - Glossary
  - Tagging CarpentryCon issues
  - Asking working groups
  - Post in the slack - SB + PO were previous wrangers!
- Posted the Book Dash post internally, but looks like it didn't go in the Turing newsletter. I'll be reaching out to folks this week, and be making a Twitter thread. We have 11 applications so far.
  - Catering + 1 day in person
  - Need to confirm which day is in person
  - Add extension to hub application (might not be able to support)
  - Asia-Australia hub: ask people about hubs
    - Saranjeet, Johanna, Losia, Paula Andrea Martinez, Rowland M
- Newsletter
- Cancel all meetings for December !

### Thank yous
- JD & AB for prepping Big Team Science
- EZ for King's college

### Event Updates
- Hacktoberfest (all of October)
- King's college- DRIVE-HEALTH CDT Seminars (5 Oct)
- Genomics England (20 Oct, moved from 5 Oct due to strikes)
- King's college- Telling Stories with Data (27 Oct)
- Big Team Science (27 Oct)
- RiotScience (November 30)
- Malvika keynote (November)
- McGill Open Science event (November)
- TPS Chats December (December)
- Last Collaboration Cafe celebration! (7 December) - Closed until the second week of January

### Other info

# 2022-09-27
### Questions for MS
### Ongoing tasks
- Focus is primarily on documentation:
  - Last community research update (~6 month review): https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/discussions/2552
  - Phase 2 planning: https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/discussions/2610
  - Working Group documentation: https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/discussions/2646
  - Communication review: https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/discussions/2644
- Message to infrastructure channel about formalisation (today)
- Message to book dash planning committee about meeting (today)
- Book Dash Updates
  - Promotion for book dash applications (tomorrow) -> ATI slack + Twitter + slack channels
  - Direct people to contact about joining
  - Lena: planning for data conversation
  - HackMD: create HackMD for all Book Dash events (MS will make)
  - Send a when2meet to channel
  - Scheduling social sessions:
    - Data Conversations: Tuesday
    - Accessibility session (suggest other workshop format later)
- Fireside chat planning is almost complete, low sign-up rates
- Newsletter: https://hackmd.io/YEu81jOKRwim7cWFgIJELA
- Blog for TTW? Asma writing a post about her experience with Outreachy.
  - Add to case study: https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/pull/2202
- December coffee chats
- Book Dash invitees
  - Susanna (enrichment student)
  - Lucy (enrichment student)
- October fireside chats: low-key engagement for October -->

### Thank yous
- JA for co-planning fireside (total rockstar)
- JD for writing submission to NeuroIPS
- EK for planning genomics england workshop
- EZ for co-giving presentation on 5 oct
- LK for being in contributor record: https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/afterword/contributors-record.html#vrije-universiteit-amsterdam

### Event Updates
- Genomics england moved to Oct 20 because of strikes
- Big Team Science on Oct 15
- Proposed shift for workshop @ king's on Oct 27
- Riotsclub talk - ask JD?

### Proposal updates
- Upcoming proposal for research data alliance: https://rd-alliance.org/rda%E2%80%99s-20th-plenary-call-sessions-now-open

### Other info
- New Guide for Accessibility: GCHQ & Defense Ministry (December or 2023)
- Community Health Report (move to 2023)
- Governance Task Force (move to 2023)
- Scriberia images: other ways of communicating our projects in simple ways --> what is the other creative thing we're doing with people?
- SM new chapter idea -->
- Turing Commons: developing a case study repository
- Add that form for Book Dash to Newsletter
- What has happened (what exists), what is documented, what can be shared

# 2022-09-20
### Questions for MS
- Outreachy: planning for next season after conversations with OLS team :) BA - go through OSSA. Need to plan for having money. Planning for Outreachy for GSoD. Worked in 2020 on this: weren't historically recorded before. CZI & wellcome started funding. Can we offer her more support or co-write some proposals for TTW with her? +: We don't have to talk to ATI. Ask about working with BA on this. BA - collab cafe about Outreachy.
- Fireside chat: sent all the info. Making all the events.
- Ask from Sophia: connecting AIM to Scriberia (short dash?).
  - MS: Send chapter from Scriberia, will forward email with CC.
- Collaboration Cafe: Batool & Asma presenting, time used by TTW team for organising teams, MN from Genomics England may be setting up community room, will check-in about other tasks.
- Slack Audit: ready to propose changes: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/11MmzROZGpSkzoB01ATOTpklXrIg86eKSm1xUmPZuhlA/edit#gid=547657140 (post on slack + github discussion)
- Book Dash: ongoing tasks for this week?
  - Connecting with Scriberia <- AIM team interested
  - Applications: currently 6 applications.
  - Hub: pending application, should reach out to AR from Bristol?
  - VU Data Conversations: social chats
  - 4 social sessions planned: show & tell lunch, ... other hubs take over a social session
  - Reminder for book dash PC channel: application for book dash is closing in 10 days. Separate call for planning conversations + do meeting review + event planning.
- Check-in about probationary report
- Working half-days next week: visiting family in NYC!
- Governance Task Force
- Presenting TTW, normalising presenting TTW in different spaces

### Ongoing tasks
- September fireside chat: sent out invites, initial data, promotion starting this week (will embed survey into this process)
- Civic tech database: now featured
- Organising infrastructure team: conversation with SG, now reaching out to infra channel + AR + AL.
- Adding documentation here: https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/discussions/2610
- Invited for reccurring calls with SG (will set up) & M
- Newsletter
- Half-day: governance working group

### Thank yous
- Many thank yous! MS for probationary report preparation, SG for infrastructure help, core team for working group prep, JD+AC for other organisational help!

### Event Updates
- Mozilla WG update: presented last week.
- Genomics workshop (5 Oct)
- King's college workshop (5 Oct) - will connect w Eirini
- Connections workshop (26/27 Sept) - will connect with team

### Proposal updates
- Searching for additional proposals for fall 2022 season
- Research Data Alliance (due 31 Oct): https://rd-alliance.org/rda%E2%80%99s-20th-plenary-call-sessions-now-open

# 2022-09-06
### Questions for MS
- Additional support: outreachy intern?
- Help for keynote topic (RSE Unconference)
- Review audit documents (need help!)

### Ongoing tasks
- September fireside chat:
- Slide deck for
- Community Health Report
- Community Research Updates
- "Internal Audit" <-- tools proposed by SG
- Core team meeting
- Governance Task force
- Maintenance Reflections
- Feedback loops: survey
- Invited for reocurring calls with SG & MN

### Proposal updates
N/A
- Mozilla WG: invited for event at MozFest 2022

# 2022-08-09
### Questions for MS
- Upcoming Fireside chat topics + upcoming planning
- Should I apply for the SSI fellowship?
- TTW publication in Maintainers blog
- Help with delegation
- Newsletter draft
- Feedback on process
- Task delegation

### Ongoing Tasks
- Community Health Report
- Community Research Updates
- "Internal Audit" <-- tools proposed by SG
- Core team meeting
- Governance Task force
- Maintenance Reflections
- Feedback loops: survey
- Invited for reocurring calls with SG & MN

### Thank yous
- AC just merged a HUGE change to the repo, related to giving a TTW talk!
- SG for Github wizardry!

### Event updates
Full schedule [here](https://hackmd.io/GHjxNTyZS1CYQgQst2kKKg)
Key updates: invited to keynote early career RSE,

### Proposal updates
N/A
- Mozilla WG: invited for event at MozFest 2022

## 2022-08-09
### Upcoming Task updates
- Maintainance week:
  - Reviewing reflection exercises with MS
  - Addressing outstanding PRs: forward chapter, UX chapter
  - Planning for upcoming core team meeting (book dash dates)
  - Planning for governance task force
- Newsletter: still getting through a draft: will have ready by Friday, after focusing on tasks for maintainance + workshop
- Prepping recording for Code4All conference (due 14 Aug)
- Project management: slowly converting these to a project management system, rather than lists

### Thank yous
- EP, HS, SB for prepping for a CarpentryCon presentation happening two (round 2!)
- MS for kicking off a deep dive into maintenance + sustainability in the project this week
- AC for helping with maintenance tasks this week

### Event updates
Note: developing an internal PM system to use with the whole core team on Trello?
- Catapult talk (20 July): done! (double-checking with ACC about uploading slides to Zenodo)
- August Fireside (24 Aug): planning in progress, need to follow up with Rayya
- CarpentryCon (4 Aug & 10 Aug): check-in scheduled for tomorrow morning
- TPS Coffee Chats (all September)
- TTW Fireside chat: in planning process
- Newcastle (19-20 Sept): moved dates
- Code for All Summit (19-22 Sept)
- Connections Turing Course (26 & 27 September): times have moved?
- King's college (October):

### Proposal updates
- Mozilla AI Working Group (30 June): rejected, but invited to Mozilla
- Code for All Summit: accepted! video due by 14 Aug.
- WritetheDocs: translation team accepted! :tada:
- OpenUK: submitted!
- UNESCO call for open science best practices (15 July): Submitted!
- Big Team Science (18 July): Submitted!
- Connections workshop: no updates

### Questions for MS
- Submission to Maintainers blog:
https://themaintainers.org/maintainers-spotlight/
- Invited to keynote "Early Career RSE"

### Ideas corner
- Book dash for core team dedicated to governance work (alongside people writing chapters)
- Book dash dedicated to core team maintainance work
- 1 day book dash (planning for upcoming year)
- Event series: navigating scale, defining open infrastructure

## 2022-07-26
### Upcoming Task updates
- Returning from annual leave! Catching up on emails and tasks for the coming weeks today.
- Updates from the project that I've missed?
- Newsletter: aim to publish this week?
  - collecting updates from the past two weeks
- Community research: adding in previous updates & meetings from the past few weeks.
- Governance work: - no updates
- Developing WG - no updates
- TPS peer mentoring programme - upcoming check-in?
- OLS <> Turing Way MOOC course: weekly co-working call - checking in this week
- NHS Podcast: will respond with dates
- Forward PR
- OLS - continuing the project in fall 2022 (reviews in progress!)

--
MS: Thanks for this list Anne. All update should appear on Twitter (tweet/retweet), your HackMD and recent GitHub updates.
Once you have edited th newsletter please send them my way so that I can add missing bits.
As for OLS, let's try to get to the launch part for Governance taskforce next week, and come up with the action plan for how you would like to engage in OLS in the next round.

### Thank yous
- MS & everyone on the team for keeping the ship moving over the past two weeks!

MS: Welcome back. Good to know that you are feeling well. Ship should sail on :D Afterall! it is a shared responsibility!

### Event updates
- AGS mapathon (7 July): done!
- Catapult talk (20 July): done! (uploaded?)
- July Fireside (24 July): will respond to group emails.
- NHS digital workshop (EK+VH)
- Anne & Malvika maintenance week (8 Aug - 12 Aug)
- Kings College (5 October): now in Aug (keep ACC in loop)
- August Fireside (24 Aug): planning in progress, need to follow up with Rayya
- CarpentryCon (4 Aug & 10 Aug): check-in scheduled for tomorrow morning
- TPS Coffee Chats (all September)
- Newcastle (19-20 Sept): moved dates
- Code for All Summit (19-22 Sept)
- Connections Turing Course (26 & 27 September): times have moved?
- King's college: 5 October

### Proposal updates
- Mozilla AI Working Group (30 June): submitted
- Code for All Summit: submitted 8 july - accepted!
- WritetheDocs: translation team accepted! :tada:
- OpenUK: 31 july (nominations are still open! einstein & athena award as a base): Submitted!
- UNESCO call for open science best practices (15 July): Submitted!
- Big Team Science (18 July): Submitted!
- Connections workshop: saw that timelines are changed

MS: super helpful lists! Thanks for keeping track of these.

### Next week
- Mostly catching up on things this week - saving the most urgent for now, and the rest for next week
- Possible people to invite in the future: SciVision, AutSpaces, Team Shrub
- Upcoming projects: Residents within the Turing Way (may have to be UK based), UX & Ethnographer roles, Lessons learned within the Turing Way community

MS: Do you think we can get a newsletter draft together this week for July/Aug? I am a bit shhort on time, but happy to have a look at the draft.

### Ideas corner
- had lots over the course of the past few weeks!

## 2022-07-05
### Upcoming Task updates
- Annual leave! Off for the next two weeks.
  - MS: please disconnect completely! I hope you have a nice break.
- Community research: losing steam! want to make sure that updates are regular, as i think they're really important, but am feeling overwhelmed by other responsibilities.
  - MS: I really appreciate those notes. Can you think of a template w/ bullet points that can minimise the work load?
- Governance work: developing formats & ways of working for iteration. prepping monthly update: sending slide notes & scheduling for monthly check-in at collaboration cafe
  - MS: Thank you for creating the slide deck. It is easier to look at what we have discussed so far and how do they fit together.
- Developing WG: first meeting at next Collab Cafe
- TPS peer mentoring programme
- OLS <> Turing Way MOOC course: weekly co-working call
  - MS: Massive thank you for doing these. Is there anything you would like to take off your list or have them pushed for later? Maybe we don't need to do much for peer mentoring before the MOOC is out of the way.
- NHS Podcast: updates?
  - MS: I will ping again.
- Github pull requests (need review)
  - https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/pull/2445
  - https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way/pull/2357
    - MS: Done! Thank you for pinging those links here.
  - Currently reviewing foreword PR
- Sumbissions: Mozilla submission, OpenUK
  - MS: Can you share links for these? I might have lost them.

### Thank yous
- EK for a great talk on data papers! Also for talking through governance questions.
- JD for getting the Mozilla submission over the hill.
- VK, AC, HS for helping AAC presentation + general thinking through TTW perspectives for industry
- LC for advice about translation across disciplines

MS: 🙌

### Event updates
- Collab Cafe (6 July): big team science submission,
- AGS mapathon (7 July): Planning in process with AR + JD.
- Catapult talk (20 July): Working, feedback during coworking call
- July Fireside (24 July): invited 3/5! 1 accepted.
  - MS: are there other speaker suggestions in place? Can I help with this?
- Connections Turing Course: can't attend co-working session
- NHS digital workshop (EK+VH)
- Kings College: now in Aug (keep ACC in loop)
- August Fireside (24 Aug): planning in progress
- CarpentryCon (4 Aug & 10 Aug): 2 times scheduled.
  - MS: do you have speakers lined up for this?
- Newcastle (19-20 Sept):
  - MS: do these dates work for you? I can probably do it - but happy to get someone else from core team involved. Maybe Batool is in the UK and would like to co-lead this.

### Proposal updates
- Mozilla AI Working Group (30 June): submitted
- Code for All Summit (8 July): in progress(?)
- OpenUK: 15 July
- UNESCO call for open science best practices (15 July)
- Big Team Science (18 July): To be discussed at Collab Cafe
- Other upcoming submissions (?)
  - MS: OpenUK and UNESCO - deadline for both is 15 July

### Next week
-


### Ideas corner
- Themed sessions around disciplines
- 1 day book dash <-- MS: call this something different to not confuse formats. Mini-sprint, or themed sprint

MS: Thank you for the fantastic work! Always a pleasure to see updates from your work.

## 2022-06-21
### Task updates
- Newsletter - sent!
- Prepping first tasks for working group:
  - Planning document
  - Note of Notes
- File Reimbursements
- Preparing for annual leave (8-23 July) -> what needs to get done during that time?
 -->

### Thank yous
- SB for reviewing the mailing list!
- ACC for collaborating on a new slide deck for industry
- AC for planning coffee chats
- JD on feedback for Big Team Science submission

### Event updates
- June Fireside (20 June): planning document, plan for call with speakers at co-working call next week.
- Turing Training Portal (June-July): P working for 1 month. Teaching material online from OLS-5 (notes, prompts, templates)
- Collab Cafe (6 July): hosted by RAM team (reach out?)
- AGS mapathon (7 July): Planning in process with AR + JD.
- July Fireside (24 July): Planning in progress with Carpentries
- Catapult Energy event (late July): AAC speaking
- OLS Graduation (July): Updates for progress
- Connections Workshop (2-3 August): half-day
- CarpentryCon (4 & 10 August): pending dates
- August Fireside (30 Aug): Planning in progress with CS&S
- TPS Coffee Chats (all Sept): 4-5 speakers
- September Fireside (30 September): Product management w/ startups (A or J with CH)
- Kings College: event now in Oct

### Proposal updates
- Low Carbon Methods
- Big Team Science (22 July): Planning for co-working call (20 June) w/ JD & AC
- WritetheDocs (30 June):  Co-working call (27 June)

### Next week
- Github repo (reserved for Friday!)
- Fireside chats: Create issue (metrics for hybrid events)
- AC + TC (with CF): what's the relationship there?
- Things to ping MS about:
  - Community share-outs video (upload)
  - Book Dash report

### Ideas corner

## 2022-06-14
### Task updates
- Newsletter
  - Add in details from book dash
  - Send in by Thursday
- Project management system
  - Github issues: sorting through
  - Starting "Github Fridays" 10am-12pm, starting next week!
- Working Group + Core team meeting
- Timeline for strategy + goals
  - June/July/August: Working Group
  - September/October/November/December: piloting
  - January: Set up informal spaces
- Community research
  - Book Dash: adding people's information to contributor record
  - Updating Ways of Working document
  - Process of publishing & research
  - Need to get feedback on texts
  - Technical infrastructure work (forward!)
- NHS podcast:
- UNESCO call: MS will follow-up
- Fireside chat June 30: MS will send message
- AC: first meeting on TTW stakeholders, contributor in focus
- Other ongoing projects
  - CZI grants: OLS+CS&S, 2i2c/Jupyter (CH applying), FORRT/Telerify,
  - Metadocencia: starting governance
  - Emerging grant for localisation/support/translation (supporting others)

### Thank yous
- SB + HS for getting CarpentryCon over the hill!
- AC for making the hybrid working feedback HackMD + first "network/stakeholder" meeting!
- JD for planning a great event!

### Event updates
- Connections Turing Course: getting confirmation of dates this week
- First core team meeting (10 June):
- UNESCO Workshop (15 June): scheduled for tomorrow
- Ordnance Survey (16 June): attending
- June Fireside (20 June):
- Collab Cafe (1 July):
- AGS mapathon (7 July): Planning in process with AR + JD.
- July Fireside (24 July):
- Kings College: now in Oct (keep ACC in loop)

### Proposal updates
- Low Carbon Methods: Will propose a workshop at the next Collab Cafe for feedback
- Team Science (18 June): Co-working call (20 June)
- WritetheDocs (30 June):  Co-working call (27 June)

### Next week
- Github (to check next week)
  - Forward chapter (Github): review this next week!
  - UX/UI package
  - GSoC issue: how to test it
- Build book locally: how?!
- CF to be invited to CM team!

### Ideas corner
- Prioritising non-:
  - Long term: Governance/Core Team Work,
- Stickers

## 2022-06-07
### Task updates
- Fireside chat: reached out to 2/4 panelists. Planning convo with RZ this week. Promotion starts next week?
- First core team meeting: Confirm attendees, agenda, format
- Project management system: Github tasks (reviewing repo), Tre
- Added in workshop notes to community manager file
- Tested Collab Cafe format w/ talk: review with MS
- Research+Book Dash review: Reserving Friday for adding Book Dash contributions + Research update.
- Planning for paid leave

### Thank yous
- KC team for the talk last week! + VH for the great collab.
- EP, SB, HS for CarpentryCon brainstorming
- JD for the brainstorming + office time
- DG for guiding us through fediverse

### Event updates
- Collab Cafe (done!): Review
- Kings College (done!): Review
- Connections Turing Course: need confirmation of dates
- First core team meeting (10 June)
- UNESCO Workshop (15 June)
- Ordnance Survey (16 June)
- AGS mapathon (7 July): Planning in process
- Kings College: now in Oct (keep ACC in loop)

### Proposal/Event updates
- RSECon: Unfortunately rejected! :'(
- CarpentryCon: To be sent out by the end of this week
- ConnectedLife: Happening 17th June w/ JD. Take day off?
- Low Carbon Methods: Accepted. To be confirmed with team/possible collaborators.
- WritetheDocs: Submission by end of June.

### Next week
- Proposing PM system
- Short term goals: timeline planning
- Long term goals: timeline planning

### Ideas corner
- "Mini" Book Dash: 1-day, check-in during the beginning of the day... editing throughout!
- "Coffee chats" - piloting idea with Arielle

## 2022-05-30
### Task updates
- Prepping for the June fireside chat (inviting speakers+planning logistics)
- Adding information from book dash contributor files to the main repo (happening tomorrow)
- Processing workflow information from BD for next community research update
- Processing interview material to return to community members

### Thank yous
- VH for the talk feedback+speaker suggestion! (And continuing to give the talk- despite health!)
- AR for getting things set up with the Bristol hub - we may be getting space @ JGI!
- great suggestions for slack/community building from the Community Building team & Whitaker lab
- GB for the suggestion for fireside chat
- RD for a conversation about open infrastructure
- And of course, thank you MS for the trust this week to present the project while in the states!

### Event updates
- king’s college (31 may) (ready to go for tomorrow!)
-	right’s con (6 june): Signed up to see your presentation!
-	ordnance survey (16 june): JD gave speaker suggestion, will follow up early next week.
-	*connected life oxford (17 June) - JD & I were both accepted to present our respective work (on independent projects outside of TTW).
– fireside chat (24 june) – reaching out to speakers this week and next. Will likely be emailing over the bank holidays, to ensure that people are available as needed.
-	connections turing course: late june-early july. Need to pass on dates+planning process to HM for next week.
-	TTW core team meeting (initial planning, late June/early July): planning on HackMD, primarily for foundational meetings + working groups, maybe a bit of slack organisation.
-	TTW fireside chat (~24 June 2022): doing outreach this week for speakers, was suggested a few that are listed in the planning document.
-	rse con (5-9 sept, find out 31 may): hearing the results this week, I believe.

*not TTW related

## Proposal updates
- unesco: planning for 15 july collab cafe.
-	carpentrycon (12 June due, 1-12 aug event): working on a proposal this week at collab cafe with EP & HS.
-	write the docs (30 June due): submission pending, to be discussed at collab cafe on 1 june.

### Next week
- Planning for core team meeting
- Trialing day reserved for github work/reviewing PRs, etc.
- Processing interview material to return to community members
- 1:1 conversations slowing down, with a few missing links

### Where do I need help?
- Should the book dash planning committee be invited to attend the core team meeting?
- Planning annual leave
- Is there anything I am missing from the post-Book Dash workflow?

### Ideas corner (generative brainstorming)
- adding github actions/workflow to slack (so people can see updates to the repository in real time)
- being able to automatically add events seen on twitter to a bot on twitter for the newsletter!


## 2022-05-10

### Task updates
- Fireside chat uploaded to Youtube (there was an error the first time around. video is processing.)
  - MS: Thank you for publishing it!
- Finally starting to review some PRs and Issues on Github, with more awareness of what the workflow of contribution/reviewing looks like.
  - MS: Thanks for thinking about it! There are a few chapters on that, maybe a good place to addto : https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/collaboration/collaboration.html?   
- Contacting everyone I've spoken to about reviewing conversation notes, and the possibility of publishing excerpts in a public forum (either in the Github issue or in a new part of the Community Handbook)
  - MS: Sounds fantastic! Also add that to the acknowledgement chapter: https://the-turing-way.netlify.app/community-handbook/acknowledgement.html.
- Finish up mailing draft for review

### Thank yous (adding this section back in)
- EK for reviewing my RSECon abstract
- PH, SG for talking through some open infrastructure ideas during coffee chats
- AR for doing the work to set up a Bristol Hub
- VH for co-creating the king's college workshop
- JB participating in mapathon (woo!)
- Talarify team (AT, AVDW, NP) for the enlightening conversation re: networks, imagining emerging forms of attribution
- DG for setting up a Mastodon account

MS: 🎉 What a fantastic group of people!

### Event updates
- Talk @ SSI: 16 may
- Book Dash 16-20 may: participating in on-boarding sessions
- Community share-out: 20 may - any material to review?
  - MS: https://hackmd.io/CqRaKcKgTZma0LEKC8gJOw
  - MS: Please reach out to the translation team asking if they would like to give an update - add them to the core team
  - MS: Start a core team document to collect what they are doing, what would you like to do in the coming year, how would you like to acknowledged for your work, how can we support your engagement
- whitaker lab goatherd: 26 may (note to self)
- King’s college: 31 may (will prep with VH on 23 May, then give to MS to review)
- Right’s con (6 june - should i prepare to join this talk?)
- Ordnance survey: 16 june (following up with OS team on 23 April, speaking with AC to catch-up on updates)
- Connections Turing course: late june-early july (followed up with email thread)
- TTW core team meeting (initial planning, late June/early July)
- TTW fireside chat (pending date: Friday, 24 June 2022, discuss topic with core team?)
  - MS: Please check with RAM team to take a lead on this?
- RSE Con (submitted astract, happening 5-9 sept, will find out 31 may)
  - MS: Great work!
- CarpentryCon (submissions due 12 june, event happening 1-12 Aug)
  - MS: Totally support the submission to this.
- May Newsletter
  - MS: Aim to have that out in a week.

### Next week
- Book dash! I'm going to be documenting the event from an outsiders perspective, and working on governance assignments from OLS-5
- Reviewing PRs+issues, categorisation, etc.
- Mailing list: send by Monday!

### Where do I need help?
- Thinking through the "core team meeting" agenda, and how to approach organising the event
  - MS: Thanks for getting started with this

### Ideas corner
- It'd be great to start the process of releasing some of these community research updates within the community handbook, perhaps in a more standardised formats & including names.
  - MS: Sounds fantastic! Thank you so much for thinking about it.
- It'd be great to see all CMs & RAMs present TTW at atleast one conference of their choice in 2022-2023!
- Rotating coffee chats within TTW community
- Alternatively: Friday coffee chats with CMs and RAMs leading hosting/onboarding/casual conversations
- Bringing back this "Turing Way" (friday?) book club idea, started by MS/AR
  - MS: We tried with the bot, try something different which could be based on the Turing coffee rotation
  - MS: Do start the Monday stand-up format, let some folks know so they can respond to motivate more people
- Bringing back this "Turing Way" (friday?) book club idea
  - MS: please do start to think about it. Engage with TPS members and let me know where I can help.

## 2022-05-06

### Task updates
- Working on drafting messages for book dash applicants
- Cloud recording + subtitles ready for Youtube upload (MS: workflow -> upload, vtt transcription document, flier image = thumbnail, publish directly)
- Community research is continuing, but with more specificity as to tools. How to recognise previous work done? (booking time!)
- Thanks yous for: all the fireside speakers, frictionless meetup organisers, book dash reviewers! To EM for chairing, MS for shouldering my share of bookdash applications

### Event updates
- frictionless data (all went well! I somewhat regretted not having a presentation, but I think it allowed for more informal interaction. really confirmed the new)
- fireside chat: 29 April (would love to hear feedback about how you think it went! also, will be going through the recording subtitles, hope to finish by the end of the month)
- ~~newcastle: 9 may (postponed to September)~~
- talk @ ssi: 19 may (1 hour long event, will overlap with bookdash)
- book dash 16-20 may (draft)
- ~~open gov week: 16-20 may~~
- king’s college: 31 may (will plan event with VK, buying tickets + filing reimbursement)
- ordnance survey: 16 june (will sent email confirmation + cal invite)
- connections turing course: late june-early july (will respond to HM)

# Next week
- Start to prepare mailing list for release: release date TBD
- PRs!
- Review acknowledgements chapter* (what is logged? what is formalised/informalised? lecture opportunities (keynotes)? organising roles? what/who is visible/invisible in this? recorded impact)
- 'record of contributions' / CONTRIBUTORS.md - how to log contributions to TTW in ways that is meaningful for them?
- Reach out to people about how they would like to be recognised for the conversations had in 1:1! --> contextualising acknowledgements (not traditional authorship!)
- What does documentation of 1:1 conversations look like? (Chain of acknowledgements idea!)
- Collecting opportunities for different types of engagement with TTW (event planning, open infrastructure, ux)

# Where I need help?
- Anything to know know about NHS presentation invitation? (maybe bring in EK for a paired presentation?)
- Internet infrastructure chapter: How should I go about planning this contribution with different collaborators? Can this be used as a testing ground for governance?
- What are the Data Study Groups?
- Should we submit to RSE Conf? Other upcoming conferences?
- Where to log upcoming events/invite speakers from the core team to?
- Can I plan a session during the community share out or book dash for receiving feedback on usability and UX/UI/design? --> Merge REG team PR, testing cards (different entry base into the book -> curating based on professions? Asking questions about this in 1:1s? How can we engage more people in this?)
- How to understand the tension between revising existing chapters vs writing new content?  (reviewing PRs, happening simultaneously while new writing is being developed)
- How to balance intrinsically-motivated vs extrinsically-motivated contributions to TTW? Engagement with the project? Emergent governance to address this?
- Emerging tensions to discuss: attribution of credit for foundational work vs future project work, editing vs writing, past vs present/old vs new, insider vs outsider, writing new chapters vs reviewing existing work, creation vs maintenance

# Ideas corner
- Chain on contributions
- 'Month of review', 'Orchestrated work'
- Mapping the insider/outsider dynamic of open science
- Emerging ways of working for CMs/"community research"
- Writing <> Reading <> Reviewing (Projects within the open ecosystem can profile/research each other... What framework can you use? External audits within the open ecosystem?)

## 2022-04-26
Trying a new format today!

### Task updates
- Getting reading for the fireside chat on friday! (thank you to all the speakers for being incredibly thoughtful - the event )
- Community research forges on! (thank you to everyone I've spoken to, and will continue to speak to!)
- Finally getting to work on some PRs this week (or at least understand themes in how people contribute for the community research update)
- Community research will have more concrete tactics on slack engagement, onboarding, github

**MS:** Fantastic set of work. Thank you for carefully leading these.

### Upcoming event updates
- frictionless data: 28 April (all set - really excited to see if there are ways of bringing in frictionless expertise to the project) - **MS:** All the best! This is exciting!
- fireside chat: 29 April (need to send some planning docs to LW - but should be all set to go) - **MS:** Amazing! Looking forward to the discussions.
- newcastle: 9 may (postponed to September)
- talk @ ssi: 19 may (sent recording, just waiting on planning)
- book dash 16-20 may (reviewing applications this week.)
- open gov week: 16-20 may (talking to someone from open heroines tomorrow - maybe good to get connected with them for this event?)
- king’s college: 31 may (will send abstract by 29 april, reviewing MS templates, will chat with VK)
- ordnance survey: 16 june (planning for early may follow up - waiting for follow-up)
- connections turing course: late june-early july (following convo)

**MS:** thanks for the timeline and overview.

# Next week
- More outreach to individuals. - MS: 💪🏽
- Compile upcoming conferences to post on PR + start asking people if they'd like to rep TTW :) (would be super excited if possible!) - MS: we have generally aimed for at least 50% talks by community members. Keeping that or increasing that will be a good target. Do take some time to look at the previous reports and promotion pack to think about what can be updated.
- Had a couple of ideas for engagement with TTW (wondering about the timeline for implementing them - can I start experimenting with one of these next week more concretely?):
  - Turing Way coffee hours. - **MS:** Sounds great! 🎉  Maybe something to think about when your 1:1 meetings start to reduce in number.
  - Turing Way reading group (read 1 section a week?) - **MS:** KW and I were discussing this with AR to co-lead this with you. Can you discuss this with AR and involve him in designing your plans in May?
  - Slack automated welcoming message? (would love to co-create this, maybe in the community share out?) - **MS**: sent you some info on Slack for configuring Greetbot.
  - Github Issue templates  - **MS**: This will be fantastic! Maybe a low hanging fruit to lead on and get some interested folks invlolved. You can proposee this for the Book Dash collab idea too.

# Long term ideas
- Review onboarding process - **MS**: Sounds fantastic. We should definitely create a process to be shared in the Community Handbook. So far it has happened through Coworking, Collab Cafe and workshops. As you know, I have used this doc in the past for onboarding calls: https://hackmd.io/@turingway/demo-intro (which is an overview of the GitHub and book). We can get people involved in understanding what was helpful and what be improved -- some of these can go to a chapter.
- Shared slack channels with other open science / related open source projects? (I've seen this happen on OSM) - **MS:** This is a Slack pro feature. We may not have funding for the pro account (as Turing institute has already a fully paid account and they will likely not approve extra workspace request) - but we can explore this with ABL if you can assess the pros and cons carefully.
- UX/UI design sprint for section naming & organisation
(just to keep my pie in the sky brain awake!) - **MS**: not sure what this means, happy to discuss! We probably need to have a UX/UI plan for the entire project (as well as merge the recent UX work by REG team).

# Where I need help
- Maybe planning a timeline of things listed above, & prioritisation? - **MS**: great! let's spend some time next week on this.

## 2022-04-19

#### Who did you help this week?
* Helping to compile events - made PR & Issue for newsletter.
* Sent various resources to TTW and TI people, related to their projects & interests.
* talked with AL about project - traded resources on community building.
* Hopefully the community research updates are helping...someone! They've helped me to think more deeply about TTW for sure.

MS: Well done of the newsletter! Such an important (massive) work!

#### Who helped you this week?
* Learning from the CM meeting last week about templating
* Always learning from community research

MS: 🎉

#### What did you achieve?
Using last week's list as a model:
* Sending info to April fireside panelists today. Promotion starts by Wednesday. // Running a bit late on beginning promotion due to the holidays. Should begin tonight.
* Finish subtitles for March fireside! Finally! // This has taken much longer than I thought it would. Hoping to finish by tomorrow, so video can go online around promotional period.
* Second round of community outreach going out today (Monday is too full of meetings) // Scheduling is happening gradually.
* Send welcome note to BA and Outreachy team! // Done!
* Post about translation work in github+community channel // Done!
* Posting CM team work // Need some time to dig - put a pin on this until more community research has occurred.
* Sending JD info about OSM // Done!
* Newsletter: make PR to keep track of events (Tuesday/Wednesday) // both are online. Draft is being made in HackMD.
* Upcoming events:
  * Newcastle workshop // Waiting on reply.
  * King's college workshop
  * SSI RSCamp: questions about using TTW template
* Finish up contact list // Available on google sheets.

MS: So many delightful work! Thank you so much Anne for taking these on.

#### What did you struggle with?
* I'm having a bit of trouble predicting how long certain actions will take (i.e. reviewing a PR or preparing the mailing list). Will get better with time, but wanted to flag that here.

MS: General rule is that all work take twice (and sometimes more) the time you predict they will take. PR and issue interactions are always take time (like all collaborations). Definitely will get better with time.

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Documenting TTW workflow (HackMDs for events, newsletter)
* Prepping questions and promotional materials for fireside
* Start promotion for Fireside & Book Dash
* Community research update, as usual
* Following up with Turing Commons Team
* Sending email re: new UCL role

MS: Woooh! So many parallel work. Please take it slower next week, I realise that this week was jam packed.

#### Where do you need help?
* SSI RSCamp: questions about using TTW template for presentations, citations as needed, uploading to Zenodo
* Review newsletter
* Should I follow up w/ the Turing Commons team?
* Confirm timeline + promotion needed for April Fireside
* Will there be a extension to the application for the Book Dash?
* Can I alter this note-taking format for 1:1's?
* Confirm upcoming events for TTW:
  - frictionless community call: 28 April
  - fireside chat: 29 April
  - newcastle: 9 may
  - book dash 16-20 may
  - king’s college: 18 may (need to re-schedule?)
  - talk @ ssi: 19 may (pre-recorded)
  - ordnance survey: 16 june

MS: Thank you for shaing the timeline and overview.

## 2022-04-12
### Project-specific Reflection

#### Who did you help this week?
* Helped LK to get her PR over the finish line! Super exciting to be a part of that.
* JD on thinking through OSM.

MS: 💪

#### Who helped you this week?
* YB, DHP with Fireside chat planning
* MS as always!
* LW on CSCCE opportunities!

MS: Really exciting updates and connections.

#### What did you achieve?
* Having lots of talks this week with people, 30 minutes are a bit short.

MS: I suggest keeping it longer than 30 mins and taking some time afterwards to follow up offline. Many meetings start to block calendar and that will make it hard for you to go back to your individual work.

#### What did you struggle with?
* Need to be better with making time for deep work

MS: take the next month to slow down and spend some time in going through your notes and timeline so far.

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* Sending info to fireside panelists today. Promotion starts by Wednesday.
* Finish subtitles for last fireside! Finally!
* Sending email to new UCL role today. CC'ing MS & KW
* Second round of community outreach going out today (Monday is too full of meetings)
* Finishing compiling
* Send welcome note to BA and Outreachy team!
* Post about translation work in github+community channel
* Posting CM team work
* Sending JD info about OSM
* Newsletter: make PR to keep track of events (Tuesday/Wednesday)
* Catch up on Newcastle workshop information
* Finish up contact list

MS: Thank you for all thesee work.

#### Where do you need help?
* Should I follow up with Chris?

MS: Yes (I saw that you already did!)

## 2022-04-05

### Project-specific Reflection
Started to feel a bit more grounded after conversations with people! Beginning to see trends, and carving out some time during the week to digest notes, and sort through some initial findings. Going to do another round of outreach today (and maybe try to reach into the archives of the project).

#### Who did you help this week?
* Spoke to YB about the Fireside. We shared notes & made plans for outreach and meeting people. She's reaching out to people about co-facilitating, and we're going to send out a collective email by the end of the week.
* Gave an idea at CollabW22 that seemed to be well-received!

#### Who helped you this week?
* So many people! Many people in TTW. I think I'm learning about the collaborative nature of the slack workspace in particular, and how much of a group effort it really is.
* Thank you for emailing S about the Fireside!
* Spoke to ACC about translation late last week - truly amazing! Similar to the Turing - I was wondering if we should make an 'appreciations' channel where maybe we can do shoutouts to people within the project? Or I (and others) can start posting interesting things I'm learning about the project?
* Everyone at CollabW22!! Learning so much it's unbelievable!
* Thinking about the Slack - and how much I'm learning from the shear number of resources and things that people are sharing.

#### What did you achieve?
* Finally released the issue describing community research in TTW. Positive reactions so far - now to embed documentation throughout the whole process!
* Learning a lot from CW22, and will be releasing another 'community learning' update to the issue this week.

#### What did you struggle with?
* I was struggling last week with wanting/trying to do everything at the same time... But this week I've tried to take breaks and stop (with a little humor) when it gets too much. It helped! Slow & steady.

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* I really need to reserve all of next week to work on more of the technical side of the project. There's so much important work and labor there that I need time to dig into.
* Learn about the Fireside workflow
* Start working on the project update from AB w/ MS

#### Where do you need help?
* I was thinking that it could be great to get a transcription software, where I can record the chats I'm having with people, and upload the audio to a service (like Amberscript) so I can categorise findings more easily (instead of taking notes during the call - which can be distracting). What do you think?
* I've been drafting a twitter thread to post, relating back to the fireside chat. Wasn't able to post this week - so I was thinking this Friday, it could be posted?

## 2022-03-29

#### Who did you help this week?
* No help just yet. Setting the foundation for a helpful resource, but just need time to sort through initial interviews and information.
* Sent VK info about CSCCE.
* Sent AR info about the iLab.
--
MS: Thank You Anne for already connecting folks with different projects.

#### Who helped you this week?
* Getting invited to TTW translation systems by BA.
* MS, SG, AR for looking at the netlify issues on TTW.
* Having chats with BA, AD, AR and many more this week that are helping to do think about TTW.
* MK, ABS helping me to plan the fireside
--
- MS: So many exciting connections. Thank you for taking the time to get to know the community. Also, delighted to see you take the lead on the Fireside Chat.

#### What did you achieve?
* System set up + research. Same as last week.
* Will be setting up a folder in 'community building' to hold methodology, while putting TTW-issues with findings and aims directly into the TTW.
* Starting to get up to speed on internal Turing partnerships, and upcoming projects.
--
- MS: I am so impressed by your process documentation skills. We are so delighted that you are taking your community mapping in open and sharing them in TTW.

#### What did you struggle with?
* Struggling to balance speed with efficacy. Keep needing to remind myself that speed isn't the most important, and that I should just focus on people.
--
- MS: We are giving you a lot of information and that is in some ways unavoidable, but there is no expectation that you will know how they fit together immediately. Please take your time to learn about the project, people and ways of working. This is a huge investment that will pay off, and especially through your notes we will gain insights on what opportunities for engagement and support we can create. Please use this time to explore - speed and efficacy is not priorities here - observing and recording is extremely valuable already.

#### What would you like to work on next week?
* More of the same!
--
- MS: THANK YOU! :) Please do take a break from meetings to decompress as needed.

#### Where do you need help?
* Hopefully to review my study findings/info so far at TTW visioning!
--
MS: Booked some coworking sessions. Talk to you soon!

## 2022-03-25

### Project-specific Reflection

* Finished week two! Seems surreal!
* Almost completed outreach for core TTW members.
* Been reflecting a lot on the intersection between art and science, and
* Have been attending a digital arts/culture conference, and X

#### Who did you help this week?

* Ran assistance at TTW talk at AIUK and the fireside chat.

#### Who helped you this week?

- ML has been finding the balance between giving me the reigns, and drip-feeding me info. Much appreciated.
- Many people are warmly welcoming me to TTW. Having lots of scaffolding conversations.
- Conversations from the fireside chat - learned a lot from them.
- Whitaker lab comments on my thread about imposter syndrome were so helpful!

#### What did you achieve?

* Spending lots of time setting up my system, thinking about community research.
* Managed to set up my calendly 'office hours'
* Tuned in/supported a fireside and turing way talk.

#### What did you struggle with?

* I am struggling with keeping my calendar synced between OLS, ISOC, and Turing on all the devices it needs to be on (calendly, ical, outlook)
* I'm not the best at taking notes during interviews/chats. Need to focus on developing better systems!

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* I'll be putting some of my *plans* for community research into practice next week.
* Also plan on getting to know TTW github, and having lots of convos with people.

#### Where do you need help?

* Making sure that the materials I'm producing are helpful for people outside of myself.

#### Notes from Malvika:
* Proritise community research: what areas you want to grow, what are my strengths/where are my joys
* Keep in mind people's core time at TTW, and how to reach out + keep accountable
* Keep in mind a quarterly team meeting (core team meeting) into one zoom room. Identify people in core group
* Key q: How do we better engage core members?
* How to identify culture change at the Turing
* Keep track of how people stay engaged with OLS over 4 months
* Note documenting practices in the open, and pathways to work in collaboration - in solidarity - with other projects
* How do we help people to see that working with existing material or code is actually more impactful?
