## 1:1 meetings

### 2023-06-28
- Outcomes from conferences (DemTech + Data Justice)
  - Invited to support advisory of Tech Hub 
  - Connected EdTech researchers with Skills team
  - Connecting with researchers from HCI/human rights/etc - Related to PP team @ Turing.
  - Writing notes - to publish next week in slack w/ recorded video
- Received invitation to supervise Enrichment student from 16/01/2024 - 12/07/2024 (forwarded email)
- Received invitation to apply to STS Summer School. Requires line manager sign-off & recommendation (applications due by 26 June). Costs covered during week, but not transit (would cover personally): https://stsprogram.org/summerschool/
- June Fireside Chat: all 1:1s complete (except for CMO). Excited for this chat!
- July Fireside Chat: topic for July? Need to nail down information ASAP.

### 2023-06-13
- Widening participation program - I am unable to make the trainings due to the Fireside Chat and conference (29 or 12 June). Is this something I can deproritise while planning for an August break?
- Fireside Chat - Confirmed with all speakers, AAA is following up in group email
  - Following up with group about new chapter.
- Data Justice Conference - problem with booking hotel (currently following up with Gray Dawes). Will follow up with presentation deck this week.
- Draft 2 of governance document: goal to complete working draft at end of June

### 2023-06-06
- Agenda: 
  - Start scheduling for each Monday
- Check-in with KW: happening 8 June
- Community check-in: happening 9 June
- Event invitations
  - UN OSPO: 21 June
  - ACM-REP 28 June 
- Fireside Chat: planning in progress
  - GK to shadow for future events
  - Invite CM to co-facilitate
  - JB has confirmed
  - Save EM for 
  - Push for new chapter to be released by the timeline (launch!)
- Slack check-ins -> restarting this week
- Upcoming conferences
  - Graduate Institute Democracy & Technology (Geneva, 12-15 June) - invited to present research and participate in podcast (they cover costs)
  - Data Justice Conference (Cardiff, 19-20) - accepted proposal, in process of booking
    - AAA: check with budget, book information
    - MS: Send over slides
- General tasks
  - Website: mapping user experience (review of first design?)
- Reviewing professional development points next week
- Prioritisation
  - Fireside Chat
  - Community health work
  - Governance data: 

### 2023-05-18
- Community Call: preparing agenda & getting form responses
- Upcoming talks
  - Reproducibility Network (Online, 19 May)
  - OSPO++ (Online, 25 May) - invited to give same talk from FOSS Backstage
  - Lunch & Learn (London, 1 June) - drafting introductory slides (slightly altered based on how project has grown in 3+ years)
  - Graduate Institute Democracy & Technology (Geneva, 12-15 June) - invited to present research and participate in podcast
  - Data Justice Conference (Cardiff, 19-20) - accepted proposal, in process of booking
- Professional Development: Send draft review to MS by 19 May (Start of Day UK time)
- Risk Assessment form: checking with EZ, send by 19 May
- Book Dash
  - Leading sessions (extra session on Thursday)
  - Richard Acton Application
  - Writing
- General tasks:
  - Website user experience
  - Mapping TTW: https://hackmd.io/GD_ZBGalRZOtiQjbnlEebg
  - Coworking call

### 2023-04-25
- Applying for different professional development programms
- Book Dash
  - Send feedback by 2 May: draft some feedback responses to people
  - Conditional acceptance
  - Sophia can do, Eirini cannot: posting in TTW about being the other trainer
  - Details are okay in Eventbrite
  - Make sure there is a channel on Slack
  - Github issue: review tasks
- Fireside chat promotions/time
  - MS: Eventbrite, check the zoom links... will be opening it soon
  - MS: No unrecorded session
  - MS: Focus on making a "save the date"
  - MS: Financing open source, UK funding re:  (try to get her to design a finance related talk)
  - MS: CZI follow up for Latin America
- Newsletter: checking in with Ale
- Review on Earth Day promotion: 
  - Accessibility Awareness Day: talk to them about what to feature
  - MS: Accessibility & mental health, ask the team about this! 
- Professional development:
  - Trans awareness training
  - Race & Racial Awareness Training
  - Neurodiversity 1-0-1
  - Allyship & Psychologial Safety Training
- GSoC: listed as mentor for TTW
  - MS: Reach out to Arya to ask how she is doing... as long as you can be slow & deliberate 


### 2023-03-11
- Health RSS Conference (17-18): DCE, Digital Twins, Practioners Hub, Turing Commons
  - Case studies: https://hackmd.io/O1RwUTnmQLGPZmFWbD37ww?both
  - First delivery: case studies from partner organisations
  - Turing Commons: Can create a workshop around these ideas, that have different scenarios
  - Case studies in general: https://www.turing.ac.uk/about-us/impact/better-together-people-centred-approaches-driving-forward-data-ethics
  - Building tempaltes for each type of case study that we have for training, impact reporting, etc.: https://hackmd.io/@turingway/case-studies-for-workshops
- Data Science & AI Educators programme: extended submission deadline to today (11 April).
- Data Justice Conference: okay to attend?
- UCL Talk (24 April): can prepare! Reusable from csv,Conf!
- Slack gardening efforts vs Substack. Tinyletter gets stuck in spam. 
- Community management support, try to give each of you one project to guardian... 
  - Alejandro: creating a monthly check-in
  - During Data Stories don't have capacity to publicise it... 
  - JupyterBook: hosting an ongoing room for JupyterBook? Right now, Chris is on parental leave... 
- TTW Quarterly report: 28 April, invite Alex's help
- TTW One Pager Briefing: https://docs.google.com/document/d/160QalsceJrcCXWjKWkP81VVztN1YFuJq/edit
- Book Dash Updates
  - Planning Committee Updates -> can review the documents, Eventbrite, Github facilitators in place
  - Remote events
  - Waiting for social session on Monday (I'll plan this!)
  - Github workshop: who will lead Github workshop? 
  - Ask them why they haven't registered -> ask them about running Github session... follow up with them! 
- Fireside Chat updates
- Huge Auditing + Community Manager Review from 2023
  - Foundational work for that research have been done in google sheet & HackMD
  - Governance: Where people meet & how people meet. Reviews for BG work. 
- A few more intros:
  - Mike Dolan
  - Manolis Mavrikis
  - Alessandro


### 2023-02-28
- Budget:
  - UCL talk: maybe inviting Bastian, Hari or Batool? Chris Burr + Clau/Cami?
  - Case study based workshop: ALS: switching to online.
  - Collaborations Workshop: anyone else should go? Sophia or Eirini? 
  - Open Hardware/Microscopy: pending 3:30-5:15. 
  - All Tech is Open: tickets secured.
- Newsletter: creating checklist with Alex
- AAA: Don't want her to do too much!
- Issue template for event invites: https://hackmd.io/8chVGnJ2R-eyWkOKwq473g?both --> forward events to ALS's inbox
- Preferred mode for communication: Email for formall things vs Slack! 
- Chat with KW on Monday: she'd asked about hte Slack & Github relationship, communications work
- Training - Turing Advance Programme Journey: https://mathison.turing.ac.uk/Interact/Pages/Content/Document.aspx?id=2804&SearchId=216135&utm_source=interact&utm_medium=general_search&utm_term=turing+advance
- Training - Data Science & Educators (5 April): https://www.turing.ac.uk/data-science-and-ai-educators-programme
- Professional Development: reporting
- Writing: TTW paper? TTW Community paper? Thinking about making that time?
- Block out Fridays!!! 
- For next meeting:
  - Professional Development plan, Whitaker Lab goal-setting:
  - Trainings, Professional Development settings
  - Think more about career plan -> propose next wee

### 2023-02-14
- Ongoing tasks
  - TTW Year in Review (due 15 Feb)
    - ALS: How to structure, recommended resources
  - Goal-setting: resources you would recommend? (due 15 Feb)
  - TTW 2022 year in review: struggling with format of review (17 Feb)
  - AI-UK Merch order (email coming 15 Feb)
  - Website usability review (starting this week)
  - Fireside chat planning (message 14 Feb)
  - Enrichment Scheme (submit by 16 Feb)
  - Newsletter (draft for next week)
- Onboarding (AAA, BGT)
  - AAA: what you want to carry on, be honest about you're doing (to be held accountable/support)
  - BGT: onboarding, strengthen relationship with AutSPACES, is GA writing a chapter, existing resources to TTW, working model that makes sense for their own work (ACC is an example)
- Ongoing PRs (by April) 
  - Foreward
  - Pathways/personas
  - Emergent strategy
- Reviewing working styles
- Planning event calendar
- csv,CONF planning

### 2023-01-31
- Accessibility workshop
  - Found it really interesting, and definitely in parallel to the workshops that Andrea & Liz ran at Book Dash.
  - Would really love to be able to write a profile about The Turing Way that explores all these different elements of accessibility: https://twitter.com/rcourt/status/1617601822159671297
- Upcoming prep for Newcastle presentation: not sure what materials to look at?
  - From MS: https://hackmd.io/0O7AVn7zSZS15QgqU8Af0Q
  - From MS: https://hackmd.io/@turingway/100-min-relay
  - MS: 1.5 hours minimum. 30 min for discuss, then report-out. Account for breaks, etc.
  - ALS: Will follow up by email.
- FOSDEM: Would you like to give feedback on the talk? (just a rapid-speed lightning talk, updated for 2022 developments in the project!)
- Would really love to enroll in some of the mentorship-oriented programs: GSoD, GSoC, Outreachy, Enrichment Scheme
  - ALS: Send message to AB + BA.
  - MS: Will send ICNF a message. KW used to
  - MS: Guide for Accessibility needs to be planned with GCHQ. Need momentum.
- Fireside chat - what do we need to get started?
  - ALS: Sending MK + PH for Fireside chat.
  - MS: Had messaged.
  - ALS: Will send email to those two.
- Meeting with Netscape AI Working Group lead 1/2
- Date for recording
- Planning for TTW Update: building agenda + update deck
- Website brief: timeline?

### 2023-01-17
- Identify goals: at Turing, in open ecosystem,
- Fireside chat planning: brainstorm topics for year, moderators, co-moderators, sub-chapter in Fireside chat section (have roles/tasks written down), Add check-list for follow-up afterwards (transcription, follow up email)... Can't give honorarium (£££) to do transcription. Students can be paid £35 per hour.
  - NASA TOPS, handbook release, Year for Open Science, Ryan
  - OSSI, leading open science, White House Open Science & Tech
- Community Calls: Turing Way Community Calls, Onboarding? Themed community calls? People?
    - 5 themed community calls? Facilitating community calls
- Accessibility-focused work: Supporting a group? Subsidising students? Other groups?
-
