<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en"><head>

<meta charset="utf-8">
<meta name="generator" content="quarto-1.2.269">

<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0, user-scalable=yes">


<title>rcm-wiki – quarto-input466d5f04</title>
<style>
code{white-space: pre-wrap;}
span.smallcaps{font-variant: small-caps;}
div.columns{display: flex; gap: min(4vw, 1.5em);}
div.column{flex: auto; overflow-x: auto;}
div.hanging-indent{margin-left: 1.5em; text-indent: -1.5em;}
ul.task-list{list-style: none;}
ul.task-list li input[type="checkbox"] {
  width: 0.8em;
  margin: 0 0.8em 0.2em -1.6em;
  vertical-align: middle;
}
</style>


<script src="../../../../site_libs/quarto-nav/quarto-nav.js"></script>
<script src="../../../../site_libs/quarto-nav/headroom.min.js"></script>
<script src="../../../../site_libs/clipboard/clipboard.min.js"></script>
<script src="../../../../site_libs/quarto-search/autocomplete.umd.js"></script>
<script src="../../../../site_libs/quarto-search/fuse.min.js"></script>
<script src="../../../../site_libs/quarto-search/quarto-search.js"></script>
<meta name="quarto:offset" content="../../../../">
<script src="../../../../site_libs/quarto-html/quarto.js"></script>
<script src="../../../../site_libs/quarto-html/popper.min.js"></script>
<script src="../../../../site_libs/quarto-html/tippy.umd.min.js"></script>
<script src="../../../../site_libs/quarto-html/anchor.min.js"></script>
<link href="../../../../site_libs/quarto-html/tippy.css" rel="stylesheet">
<link href="../../../../site_libs/quarto-html/quarto-syntax-highlighting.css" rel="stylesheet" id="quarto-text-highlighting-styles">
<script src="../../../../site_libs/bootstrap/bootstrap.min.js"></script>
<link href="../../../../site_libs/bootstrap/bootstrap-icons.css" rel="stylesheet">
<link href="../../../../site_libs/bootstrap/bootstrap.min.css" rel="stylesheet" id="quarto-bootstrap" data-mode="light">
<script id="quarto-search-options" type="application/json">{
  "location": "navbar",
  "copy-button": false,
  "collapse-after": 3,
  "panel-placement": "end",
  "type": "overlay",
  "limit": 20,
  "language": {
    "search-no-results-text": "No results",
    "search-matching-documents-text": "matching documents",
    "search-copy-link-title": "Copy link to search",
    "search-hide-matches-text": "Hide additional matches",
    "search-more-match-text": "more match in this document",
    "search-more-matches-text": "more matches in this document",
    "search-clear-button-title": "Clear",
    "search-detached-cancel-button-title": "Cancel",
    "search-submit-button-title": "Submit"
  }
}</script>


<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../../../styles.css">
</head>

<body class="nav-sidebar docked nav-fixed">

<div id="quarto-search-results"></div>
  <header id="quarto-header" class="headroom fixed-top">
    <nav class="navbar navbar-expand-lg navbar-dark ">
      <div class="navbar-container container-fluid">
      <div class="navbar-brand-container">
    <a class="navbar-brand" href="../../../../index.html">
    <span class="navbar-title">rcm-wiki</span>
    </a>
  </div>
          <button class="navbar-toggler" type="button" data-bs-toggle="collapse" data-bs-target="#navbarCollapse" aria-controls="navbarCollapse" aria-expanded="false" aria-label="Toggle navigation" onclick="if (window.quartoToggleHeadroom) { window.quartoToggleHeadroom(); }">
  <span class="navbar-toggler-icon"></span>
</button>
          <div class="collapse navbar-collapse" id="navbarCollapse">
            <ul class="navbar-nav navbar-nav-scroll me-auto">
  <li class="nav-item">
    <a class="nav-link active" href="../../../../index.html" aria-current="page">
 <span class="menu-text">Home</span></a>
  </li>  
  <li class="nav-item">
    <a class="nav-link" href="../../../../wiki-resources/about.html">
 <span class="menu-text">About</span></a>
  </li>  
</ul>
              <div id="quarto-search" class="" title="Search"></div>
          </div> <!-- /navcollapse -->
      </div> <!-- /container-fluid -->
    </nav>
  <nav class="quarto-secondary-nav" data-bs-toggle="collapse" data-bs-target="#quarto-sidebar" aria-controls="quarto-sidebar" aria-expanded="false" aria-label="Toggle sidebar navigation" onclick="if (window.quartoToggleHeadroom) { window.quartoToggleHeadroom(); }">
    <div class="container-fluid d-flex justify-content-between">
      <h1 class="quarto-secondary-nav-title"></h1>
      <button type="button" class="quarto-btn-toggle btn" aria-label="Show secondary navigation">
        <i class="bi bi-chevron-right"></i>
      </button>
    </div>
  </nav>
</header>
<!-- content -->
<div id="quarto-content" class="quarto-container page-columns page-rows-contents page-layout-article page-navbar">
<!-- sidebar -->
  <nav id="quarto-sidebar" class="sidebar collapse sidebar-navigation docked overflow-auto">
      <div class="mt-2 flex-shrink-0 align-items-center">
        <div class="sidebar-search">
        <div id="quarto-search" class="" title="Search"></div>
        </div>
      </div>
    <div class="sidebar-menu-container"> 
    <ul class="list-unstyled mt-1">
        <li class="sidebar-item sidebar-item-section">
      <div class="sidebar-item-container"> 
            <a class="sidebar-item-text sidebar-link text-start" data-bs-toggle="collapse" data-bs-target="#quarto-sidebar-section-1" aria-expanded="true">Basics</a>
          <a class="sidebar-item-toggle text-start" data-bs-toggle="collapse" data-bs-target="#quarto-sidebar-section-1" aria-expanded="true">
            <i class="bi bi-chevron-right ms-2"></i>
          </a> 
      </div>
      <ul id="quarto-sidebar-section-1" class="collapse list-unstyled sidebar-section depth1 show">  
          <li class="sidebar-item">
  <div class="sidebar-item-container"> 
  <a href="../../../../index.html" class="sidebar-item-text sidebar-link">Research Community Managers Wiki</a>
  </div>
</li>
          <li class="sidebar-item">
  <div class="sidebar-item-container"> 
  <a href="../../../../wiki-resources/testpage.html" class="sidebar-item-text sidebar-link">Test Page</a>
  </div>
</li>
      </ul>
  </li>
        <li class="sidebar-item sidebar-item-section">
      <div class="sidebar-item-container"> 
            <a class="sidebar-item-text sidebar-link text-start" data-bs-toggle="collapse" data-bs-target="#quarto-sidebar-section-2" aria-expanded="true">Layout</a>
          <a class="sidebar-item-toggle text-start" data-bs-toggle="collapse" data-bs-target="#quarto-sidebar-section-2" aria-expanded="true">
            <i class="bi bi-chevron-right ms-2"></i>
          </a> 
      </div>
      <ul id="quarto-sidebar-section-2" class="collapse list-unstyled sidebar-section depth1 show">  
          <li class="sidebar-item">
  <div class="sidebar-item-container"> 
  <a href="../../../../index.html" class="sidebar-item-text sidebar-link">Research Community Managers Wiki</a>
  </div>
</li>
          <li class="sidebar-item">
  <div class="sidebar-item-container"> 
  <a href="../../../../wiki-resources/about.html" class="sidebar-item-text sidebar-link">About</a>
  </div>
</li>
          <li class="sidebar-item">
  <div class="sidebar-item-container"> 
  <a href="../../../../wiki-resources/testpage.html" class="sidebar-item-text sidebar-link">Test Page</a>
  </div>
</li>
      </ul>
  </li>
    </ul>
    </div>
</nav>
<!-- margin-sidebar -->
    <div id="quarto-margin-sidebar" class="sidebar margin-sidebar">
        <nav id="TOC" role="doc-toc" class="toc-active">
    <h2 id="toc-title">On this page</h2>
   
  <ul>
  <li><a href="#achintya-and-malvika-1-on-1-catch-up-minutes" id="toc-achintya-and-malvika-1-on-1-catch-up-minutes" class="nav-link active" data-scroll-target="#achintya-and-malvika-1-on-1-catch-up-minutes">Achintya and Malvika: 1-on-1 catch-up minutes</a>
  <ul class="collapse">
  <li><a href="#section" id="toc-section" class="nav-link" data-scroll-target="#section">2021-11-23</a></li>
  <li><a href="#section-1" id="toc-section-1" class="nav-link" data-scroll-target="#section-1">2021-11-30</a></li>
  <li><a href="#section-2" id="toc-section-2" class="nav-link" data-scroll-target="#section-2">2021-12-09</a></li>
  <li><a href="#section-3" id="toc-section-3" class="nav-link" data-scroll-target="#section-3">2022-01-11</a></li>
  <li><a href="#section-4" id="toc-section-4" class="nav-link" data-scroll-target="#section-4">2022-01-25</a></li>
  <li><a href="#section-5" id="toc-section-5" class="nav-link" data-scroll-target="#section-5">2022-02-01</a></li>
  <li><a href="#section-6" id="toc-section-6" class="nav-link" data-scroll-target="#section-6">2022-02-08</a></li>
  <li><a href="#section-7" id="toc-section-7" class="nav-link" data-scroll-target="#section-7">2022-02-15</a></li>
  <li><a href="#section-8" id="toc-section-8" class="nav-link" data-scroll-target="#section-8">2022-03-10</a></li>
  <li><a href="#section-9" id="toc-section-9" class="nav-link" data-scroll-target="#section-9">2022-03-16</a></li>
  <li><a href="#section-10" id="toc-section-10" class="nav-link" data-scroll-target="#section-10">2022-03-22</a></li>
  <li><a href="#section-11" id="toc-section-11" class="nav-link" data-scroll-target="#section-11">2022-04-11</a></li>
  <li><a href="#section-12" id="toc-section-12" class="nav-link" data-scroll-target="#section-12">2022-05-03</a></li>
  <li><a href="#section-13" id="toc-section-13" class="nav-link" data-scroll-target="#section-13">2022-05-11</a></li>
  <li><a href="#section-14" id="toc-section-14" class="nav-link" data-scroll-target="#section-14">2022-05-31</a>
  <ul class="collapse">
  <li><a href="#project-specific-reflection" id="toc-project-specific-reflection" class="nav-link" data-scroll-target="#project-specific-reflection">Project-specific reflection</a></li>
  </ul></li>
  </ul></li>
  </ul>
<div class="toc-actions"><div><i class="bi bi-github"></i></div><div class="action-links"><p><a href="https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/open-community-building.git/edit/main/project-management/1-1-meetings/Achintya-Rao/misc-meetings/2022-06-23.md" class="toc-action">Edit this page</a></p><p><a href="https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/open-community-building.git/issues/new" class="toc-action">Report an issue</a></p></div></div></nav>
    </div>
<!-- main -->
<main class="content" id="quarto-document-content">



<section id="achintya-and-malvika-1-on-1-catch-up-minutes" class="level1">
<h1>Achintya and Malvika: 1-on-1 catch-up minutes</h1>
<section id="section" class="level2">
<h2 class="anchored" data-anchor-id="section">2021-11-23</h2>
<ul>
<li>Reached out to AC about Environmental AI (suggested by AB) and Scivision (RAMs, AM)
<ul>
<li>Training</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Spoke with KC about facilitating PDRA training on deep learning (proposed by Harriet)
<ul>
<li>Chatted with MN regarding PDRAs</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Prepared a plan for the kick-off meeting for the white papers</li>
<li>Worked with JL to identify the milestones needed to publish it</li>
</ul>
</section>
<section id="section-1" class="level2">
<h2 class="anchored" data-anchor-id="section-1">2021-11-30</h2>
<ul>
<li>RP in helping in getting HUT23 access (despite being sick)</li>
<li>HS in following up with data visualisation project</li>
<li>JG in coordinating with Advent of Code and helping me add to different org spaces</li>
<li>JR in introducing to some folks he thought I should talk to. helped set up meeting with JT.</li>
<li>HM in having 1:1 about the project planning. Gave feedback in stakeholder mapping.</li>
<li>AB in helping with reimbursement through the Certify platform.</li>
<li>KW in reaching out to DSG session. Offered to help with the session facilitation.</li>
</ul>
</section>
<section id="section-2" class="level2">
<h2 class="anchored" data-anchor-id="section-2">2021-12-09</h2>
<ul>
<li>Met RP in person - discussed scicomm story, and the REG project. Language for data analysis and visualisation to enable adding a layer of. Trying to add in a private repo.</li>
<li>Ran the DSG workshop last week, it was daunting in the beginning but went really well. KW was there to help and step in.</li>
<li>Some very productive chats with ASG stakeholders</li>
<li>Submitted the SMART goal</li>
<li>Public engagement workshop was good</li>
</ul>
</section>
<section id="section-3" class="level2">
<h2 class="anchored" data-anchor-id="section-3">2022-01-11</h2>
<ul>
<li>Need to meet individual members of ASG to understand the community
<ul>
<li>Who among the core stakeholders you have not yet managed to meet?</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Can identify connections once I speak to individual members</li>
<li>“Nobody knows how this community-building looks like.” What are the needs? What are the connections that exist between teams?
<ul>
<li>I think many of us have the vision for ASG community and overview of how building them would look like. I hope discussion earlier in the week was useful, howeever, we should block a day to work on sketching out some concrete strategy and timeline to share them with others. This will help in communicating what we want to achieve and where we might be misaligned - which would be a place to further feedback and iteration, and especially for engagement.</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Documenting queries, create pathways
<ul>
<li>How can we work towards making them visible?</li>
</ul></li>
<li>“Have I let the ASG PDRAs know what my agenda is beyond the white papers?”</li>
<li>HM and KW with planning of ASG workshop agenda</li>
<li>JD with Equadratures glossy</li>
</ul>
</section>
<section id="section-4" class="level2">
<h2 class="anchored" data-anchor-id="section-4">2022-01-25</h2>
<p>[N.B.: Didn’t actively take notes in this meeting.]</p>
<ul>
<li>ASG-meeting went well!</li>
<li>Set up a repo, created Slack channels, OverLeaf</li>
</ul>
</section>
<section id="section-5" class="level2">
<h2 class="anchored" data-anchor-id="section-5">2022-02-01</h2>
<p>Who did you work with this week? - EK for demonstrating an internal GitHub repo as an example for project management, and then sharing notes following a meeting with DC about measuring impact - HM for recognising my workload and offering to cut me out of some planning meetings - KH for speaking with me about an ASG CTP and introducing me to half a dozen people by e-mail - RW for joining lunchtime call with PDRAs, and JD and AC for supporting - LM for testing Overleaf with me</p>
</section>
<section id="section-6" class="level2">
<h2 class="anchored" data-anchor-id="section-6">2022-02-08</h2>
<p>Who did you work with this week? - Thanks to AC, DA, CD for joining the lunchtime agenda-building call and giving me invaluable input into the agenda items - Also to HM and AY for help with refining the ASG event agenda - Huge thanks to MS for assorted advice, guidance and patience during community-related meetings, and for taking the whole of Friday to co-work with me on growing the ASG community and getting over my GitHub-related fears - Slowly but surely I feel I’m growing into the role - Started to put together notes and ideas into the GitHub repo for the ASG community - The ASG event in March has potential for community building: I need to make sure the opportunity is not lost - Putting together cross-CTP (hah!) panels, poster sessions, virtual booths etc. - Also involving RAMs - AC with an application for Enrichment Project Collaborations - SG with assorted Binder-related stuff - Was able to take on board feedback/input from community members to define an agenda for the ASG meeting in March that are happy with! - Refactored the various ASG-community-related repos and issues into a single one, with Malvika’s advice - Closed one long TTW PR that I had been in the process of reviewing for ages</p>
</section>
<section id="section-7" class="level2">
<h2 class="anchored" data-anchor-id="section-7">2022-02-15</h2>
<ul>
<li>The ASG event is shaping up well!</li>
<li>Comms have gone out and a few more have registered.</li>
<li>Reached out to some individuals from the community to test the waters of the proposed sessions and got positive feedback.</li>
<li>Thanks in particular to HM for help with the ASG event, to DC for an insightful discussion on measuring the health of communities and to KW for advice on how to conduct lightning talks.</li>
<li>White papers are a little behind the (optimistic) schedule because the ASG event is taking up more of my time than I had anticipated</li>
<li>For the event, we are still lacking lightning talks at the moment. KW shared on how to conduct lightning talks</li>
<li>Contacted all external PDRAs about Slack, and at least two have asked to join</li>
<li>Did some tidying of the ASG Community repo</li>
<li>Spoke with Scivision team during their coworking calls to discuss ASG event participation following suggestion from BM and JR</li>
<li>Started with <em>Community Management</em> worksheets, but haven’t finished</li>
<li>Finalise ASG event sessions and speakers
<ul>
<li>Thursday/Friday</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Review (with BM) the lightning-talk applications
<ul>
<li>Part of Thursday morning</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Catch up and follow up on white papers</li>
</ul>
</section>
<section id="section-8" class="level2">
<h2 class="anchored" data-anchor-id="section-8">2022-03-10</h2>
<ul>
<li>Special thanks to HM and AY for all their behind-the-scenes help with organising the event</li>
<li>MS and KW gave me lots of advice on how to run the various sessions</li>
<li>Met JS and BC at 1:1 networking and discussed collaborating with them</li>
<li>Social lunch was <em>really good</em> with so many sharing their hobbies and interests</li>
<li>Took some time to understand how much I had to be involved in shaping of the event. Lots of connections and learning experiences. HM was great support. AY helped so much behind the scene.</li>
<li>Need to schedule a debrief meeting. AY has also shared a document to add details.</li>
<li>ASG community building got a boost from last week’s event
<ul>
<li>Planning with HS on organising regular “meet-up” sessions for ASG PDRAs</li>
<li>HS was told by some PDRAs that they felt isolated with their projects from the rest of ASG, and we want to address that</li>
<li>Will investigate whether we can get budgets for reimbursed meals for monthly/quarterly social lunches</li>
</ul></li>
<li>JL is unavailable to help with SPARRA glossy so HS asked if I could help: realised that we can recycle lightning talk that other JLy gave at ASG event</li>
<li>Started but didn’t advance with repurposing the sessions content for notes for white papers</li>
<li>Had meeting with MC about impact measurement, spoke with JS and HR about their projects</li>
<li>Quite a bit that I’m pleased with
<ul>
<li>The ASG event itself went well from a logistics PoV (with one tiny hiccup)</li>
<li>I got feedback from a couple of the speakers that they enjoyed the panels they were on</li>
<li>The lightning talks went smooooothly and speakers got to discuss their work in longer breakout sessions</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Following the event, I’ve had some discussions with people I met for the first time (including one longer conversation that will hopefully feed into the E&amp;S white paper that came entirely from the 1:1 networking)</li>
<li>Staying on top of the E&amp;S white paper itself</li>
<li>Follow up with speakers who have not replied to ask about putting their talks on Zenodo</li>
<li>Discuss Poscast idea with BC, sometime next week, if BC is available</li>
<li>Will be attending the DT:UA meeting at the office on Tuesday</li>
</ul>
</section>
<section id="section-9" class="level2">
<h2 class="anchored" data-anchor-id="section-9">2022-03-16</h2>
<ul>
<li>Piecing together white paper plans and July events</li>
<li>Guideline for white paper
<ul>
<li>Miro board or some sort of visual aid for what forms the ASG community</li>
<li>Maybe a workshop for preparing research objects to share with white paper</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Visual representation of ASG community and outcomes
<ul>
<li>Example from stakeholder mapping: https://app.mural.co/invitation/mural/turingrochemapping3184/1644491751192?sender=u9bd79b8433bbff7b44831689&amp;key=894dc697-7b47-45c2-a689-0960452100cb</li>
</ul></li>
</ul>
</section>
<section id="section-10" class="level2">
<h2 class="anchored" data-anchor-id="section-10">2022-03-22</h2>
<ul>
<li>Been making notes in a notebook to gather various snippets into one place before putting it online into the <code>asg-community</code> repo</li>
<li>Wrote down vision for project as part of OLS-5 mentorship</li>
<li>Started working on Open Canvas (almost done) and using input from Roadmaps exercise to update schedule for white papers</li>
<li>Got good feedback on the use of GitHub issues at ASG Management Board, but was told I could provide more clarity: need to make proper labels</li>
<li>Cleared some (not a lot) of my e-mail backlog, which feels like a bigger achievement than it is</li>
<li>Started consolidating notes for the white papers from various sources</li>
</ul>
</section>
<section id="section-11" class="level2">
<h2 class="anchored" data-anchor-id="section-11">2022-04-11</h2>
<ul>
<li>Finally launched the E&amp;S white paper. Felt like a weight off my shoulder, as I hadn’t managed to move forward with it for some time. Launched the drafting phase for the first ASG white paper, which felt a bit overwhelming to get out of the docks.</li>
<li>Had a good chat with BC about the potential for ASG podcast episodes/mini-series; see <a href="https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/asg-community/issues/53" class="uri">https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/asg-community/issues/53</a>.</li>
<li>Haven’t really had any proper <em>community</em> time lately, but that should change in May once we move to the July hybrid event.</li>
</ul>
</section>
<section id="section-12" class="level2">
<h2 class="anchored" data-anchor-id="section-12">2022-05-03</h2>
<ul>
<li>Unfortunately, there were no edits to the document while I was away. Going to start engaging the post-docs directly now as we might not get much <em>direct</em> engagement from the senior researchers.</li>
<li>Contacting post-docs and others recommended by core team to contribute to the E&amp;S white paper; setting up co-working slots for this week and beyond and inviting them to it</li>
<li>Meeting with ASG central about July event (Thursday); includes debrief from March event</li>
<li>Have to upload ASG March event talks (been low priority, but now has been two months since the event)</li>
<li>Start working on SPARRA glossy</li>
</ul>
</section>
<section id="section-13" class="level2">
<h2 class="anchored" data-anchor-id="section-13">2022-05-11</h2>
<ul>
<li>Three new contributors have joined the E&amp;S white paper! Will be doing their on-boarding over Slack and Zoom.</li>
<li>JD has been curating resources and ideas for the EDT white paper.</li>
<li>Had meetings with AC about health summary, with JD about a mapping social for the July event, and with HS, MC and ZI about the August event after meeting ASG central last week (with follow-up with AY today)</li>
<li>ZI has been ace, and has set up a Gantt chart for the July event and has also provided me with a list of potential areas for the PDRAs to engage with at the event.</li>
<li>ASG mini-series for Turing podcast is moving ahead; had two meetings with BCG and DW about logistics; see https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/asg-community/issues/53/.</li>
<li>Have <em>not</em> managed to set up co-working slots but will have to do so for after the Book Dash.</li>
<li>Some point to consider:
<ul>
<li>involve ZI in putting together a time line combined with outputs and stakeholders.</li>
<li>Where can the leadership provide steer and support in your work?</li>
<li>Where can you protect your time for white papers?</li>
</ul></li>
<li>JD circulated a pre-meeting survey to the EDT PDRAs before this evening’s workshop and shared the results with myself and DAB.</li>
<li>BCG and DW for enthusiasm and ideas for the ASG podcast mini-series</li>
<li>Sent out personal invitations for participation in E&amp;S white papers</li>
<li>Drafted short text for BM to circulate to core team</li>
<li>Had multiple meetings to scope out ASG podcast mini-series</li>
<li>Had multiple meetings to move forward July ASG event</li>
<li>Scoped out potential evening social around mapping at July event with JD</li>
<li>Had meeting with BM, JR, HS and VH about a series of workshops to be organised by a Nature journal and Turing+STFC; been asked to help organise the workshops</li>
<li>Contacting ASG PDRAs about July event to shape agenda and seek contributors for facilitating workshops</li>
<li>Preparing communications to send out to ASG for the July event (priority)</li>
<li>Responding to some e-mails that have been ignored for too long</li>
</ul>
</section>
<section id="section-14" class="level2">
<h2 class="anchored" data-anchor-id="section-14">2022-05-31</h2>
<section id="project-specific-reflection" class="level3">
<h3 class="anchored" data-anchor-id="project-specific-reflection">Project-specific reflection</h3>
<ul>
<li>Have had some very productive meetings with ZI about the ASG event, and the plans are moving forward quite well (more below).</li>
<li>New contributors to the white papers have been making edits to the document and I’ve also had a co-working session with some (more below as well).</li>
</ul>
<section id="asg-july-event" class="level5">
<h5 class="anchored" data-anchor-id="asg-july-event">ASG July event</h5>
<ul>
<li>Have had some agenda-planning meetings with ASG central team, HS, ZI, MC and AY.</li>
<li>I have run the tentative agenda past several PDRAs to get their input on the sessions we have planned.</li>
<li>Worked with ZI to prepare comms (mostly ZI; I only checked) for the event.</li>
<li>Went to Birmingham with ZI yesterday to scope out the venue and speak with the venue representative about potential sessions.</li>
<li>Have worked with JD, DC and AS on the mapathon session at the social event.</li>
</ul>
</section>
<section id="white-papers" class="level5">
<h5 class="anchored" data-anchor-id="white-papers">White papers</h5>
<ul>
<li>Thoroughly helpful conversations with ZI and ZE have given me renewed energy for the white papers; ZI has prepared a project tracking document and ZI is keen to be involved in the weekly meetings.</li>
<li>New contributors have been onboarded and have made their first contributions.</li>
<li>Had a co-working slot all Friday afternoon and co-worked with two PDRAs during that time.</li>
<li>AC has offered to also help with the overall messaging of the document as they have experience working on such documents.</li>
<li>Attended (remotely) the meeting to plan the Nature-Turing workshops in September/October, and provided my input for how to proceed; there will be some community-organising work there, but I will need help as it will overlap quite a bit with my white-papers schedules and I won’t be able to devote full attention to it.</li>
<li>Beginning editing the ASG white paper now that most have fed into the document.</li>
<li>Contact potential speakers/presenters for ASG event and finalise the panels.</li>
</ul>


</section>
</section>
</section>
</section>

</main> <!-- /main -->
<script id="quarto-html-after-body" type="application/javascript">
window.document.addEventListener("DOMContentLoaded", function (event) {
  const toggleBodyColorMode = (bsSheetEl) => {
    const mode = bsSheetEl.getAttribute("data-mode");
    const bodyEl = window.document.querySelector("body");
    if (mode === "dark") {
      bodyEl.classList.add("quarto-dark");
      bodyEl.classList.remove("quarto-light");
    } else {
      bodyEl.classList.add("quarto-light");
      bodyEl.classList.remove("quarto-dark");
    }
  }
  const toggleBodyColorPrimary = () => {
    const bsSheetEl = window.document.querySelector("link#quarto-bootstrap");
    if (bsSheetEl) {
      toggleBodyColorMode(bsSheetEl);
    }
  }
  toggleBodyColorPrimary();  
  const icon = "";
  const anchorJS = new window.AnchorJS();
  anchorJS.options = {
    placement: 'right',
    icon: icon
  };
  anchorJS.add('.anchored');
  const clipboard = new window.ClipboardJS('.code-copy-button', {
    target: function(trigger) {
      return trigger.previousElementSibling;
    }
  });
  clipboard.on('success', function(e) {
    // button target
    const button = e.trigger;
    // don't keep focus
    button.blur();
    // flash "checked"
    button.classList.add('code-copy-button-checked');
    var currentTitle = button.getAttribute("title");
    button.setAttribute("title", "Copied!");
    let tooltip;
    if (window.bootstrap) {
      button.setAttribute("data-bs-toggle", "tooltip");
      button.setAttribute("data-bs-placement", "left");
      button.setAttribute("data-bs-title", "Copied!");
      tooltip = new bootstrap.Tooltip(button, 
        { trigger: "manual", 
          customClass: "code-copy-button-tooltip",
          offset: [0, -8]});
      tooltip.show();    
    }
    setTimeout(function() {
      if (tooltip) {
        tooltip.hide();
        button.removeAttribute("data-bs-title");
        button.removeAttribute("data-bs-toggle");
        button.removeAttribute("data-bs-placement");
      }
      button.setAttribute("title", currentTitle);
      button.classList.remove('code-copy-button-checked');
    }, 1000);
    // clear code selection
    e.clearSelection();
  });
  function tippyHover(el, contentFn) {
    const config = {
      allowHTML: true,
      content: contentFn,
      maxWidth: 500,
      delay: 100,
      arrow: false,
      appendTo: function(el) {
          return el.parentElement;
      },
      interactive: true,
      interactiveBorder: 10,
      theme: 'quarto',
      placement: 'bottom-start'
    };
    window.tippy(el, config); 
  }
  const noterefs = window.document.querySelectorAll('a[role="doc-noteref"]');
  for (var i=0; i<noterefs.length; i++) {
    const ref = noterefs[i];
    tippyHover(ref, function() {
      // use id or data attribute instead here
      let href = ref.getAttribute('data-footnote-href') || ref.getAttribute('href');
      try { href = new URL(href).hash; } catch {}
      const id = href.replace(/^#\/?/, "");
      const note = window.document.getElementById(id);
      return note.innerHTML;
    });
  }
  const findCites = (el) => {
    const parentEl = el.parentElement;
    if (parentEl) {
      const cites = parentEl.dataset.cites;
      if (cites) {
        return {
          el,
          cites: cites.split(' ')
        };
      } else {
        return findCites(el.parentElement)
      }
    } else {
      return undefined;
    }
  };
  var bibliorefs = window.document.querySelectorAll('a[role="doc-biblioref"]');
  for (var i=0; i<bibliorefs.length; i++) {
    const ref = bibliorefs[i];
    const citeInfo = findCites(ref);
    if (citeInfo) {
      tippyHover(citeInfo.el, function() {
        var popup = window.document.createElement('div');
        citeInfo.cites.forEach(function(cite) {
          var citeDiv = window.document.createElement('div');
          citeDiv.classList.add('hanging-indent');
          citeDiv.classList.add('csl-entry');
          var biblioDiv = window.document.getElementById('ref-' + cite);
          if (biblioDiv) {
            citeDiv.innerHTML = biblioDiv.innerHTML;
          }
          popup.appendChild(citeDiv);
        });
        return popup.innerHTML;
      });
    }
  }
});
</script>
</div> <!-- /content -->



</body></html>