---
tags: meeting
description: team meeting
---

> ## info
> * **Time**: 15:00 - 16:00 London Time; 2023-08-07
> * **Meeting Information**:
>   * Zoom Link: `redacted`
>   * Meeting ID: `redacted`
>   * Passcode: `redacted`
> * Schedule and all other links and resources for the CM team: `list-of-links redacted`
> * GitHub for the project repo: https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/community-manager-team


## Agenda

* **Theme**: Open Agenda
* **Chair**: Cass
* **Links & resources:**

### Attendees
* Cass
* Emma
* Malvika
* Anne
* Eirini
* Gabin

### Apologies
> *Please add your name below if you are not able to attend the meeting.*
* Vicky- clash with practioners hub GE interview
* Sophia
* 
* 
* 

## Name + Agenda Collection
> ***Name** / **Agenda point** raised at this meeting (update from your project, something you recently worked on (or still working on) and issues to discuss with others) / **Links or resources** relevant to your agenda point? Even if you are missing this meeting, please fill in this section - other team members will take notes for later access.* 

### Git-good
* [name=Cass] Update on git-good and check in with team for 22nd August - Anne and Gabin - are you feeling prepared to run the training in person? Would you like to join the call for the session on 8th August to listen in? 
    * Gabin and Anne are attending in person 22nd with Emma online support - will attend online this week. 
    * Emma and Cass will DOI and license for the training materials.
* [name=Cass] Update on wiki: 

### Wiki
* Restricting access to confidential materials ([issue #251](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/open-research-community-management/issues/251))
    * Anne to review suggestions as not present when defined :)    
*Profile pages ([issue #252](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/open-research-community-management/issues/252))
    * All to action profile page
    * Progress in a timely manner :)

### Briefing notes
* [Briefing notes](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1rXHSa75o3r_I709jScQoXtakX5_W2IAB-reLzsaTHjs/edit#slide=id.p)
* Malvika OOO for 2 weeks. Please move this forward in that time.
* Briefing notes will be passed to Kirstie and Arielle Wednesday. 
    * Gabin will be cc'd to take up conversation while Malvika is out
* Eirini to review hers
* Anne adding additional notes - sending to Cass 
* Breifing notes to be published on Mathison
* Cass to review all

### TPS Research Community Management Team Communications Processes
* [Our communiations processes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yBsll1OeiNnzNwLwEHPQB0nVCZDVAs7hsScqeBo_pdo/edit#heading=h.c6bhlbj4hcor) - drafted and updated by Malvika
* Review and comment if you have something to add. Particularly with our experience of working on the interfaces of teams/tools.

### New zoom policy
* New Zoom Policy? https://www.computing.co.uk/news/4121687/zoom-quietly-changes-policy-allow-ai-models-trained-user
* There has been reaction to this on social media
* New policy enables all the data to be used to train AI. No way to opt in or out.
* Don't expect Turing to react to this policy change. 
* Our action should be to contribute to the discussion and promote the uptake of a more equtable policy by zoom! 
* We've all tried jitsi and other options, but each has its problems! 

### Working with RAMs
* [name=Malvika Sharan] We have an agenda point on 'working with RAMs' that we couldn't cover at the Team day, so we can use some time today for that. https://hackmd.io/@cm-team/rkj48Z3ch +1
* Conversations already taken place: https://hackmd.io/@cm-team/BJIMGv_P2
* We know RAMs well as friends, but how we can work closely is underexplored
    * Aaron and Hari were working well
    * * ACTION: Ask Hari to write something about working with Aaron.
* Note Jen and Alden are not able to prioritise alignment in a broadere sense, outside of the projects that are directly impacted (e.g. DCE, TRIC-DT) 
* Work between more expereinced TPS members may be more streamlined, but less obvious for new starters (i.e. both TRIC and DCE)
* RAMs do a lot of RCM work when there is no RCM in the room!
* Although there is overlap, we don't need to feel threatened by eachother as the work each team is doing is very different.
* Lots of similarities in onboarding and first 3 months, but ultiamtely we will prioritise different stakeholders.
    * RAMs: "Who should we work with to get best impact from our work?"
    * RCM: "Who should we work with to: Breakdown silos?; Enable co-creation? Bring transparency? Build trust?" (See [RCM guiding principles](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/open-research-community-management#guiding-principles))
* RCMs have done a lot of thinking about how we fit into Turing. This thinking is more developed than RAMs have been able to do as we have been around longer.
* Sometimes we just have to work it out based on the skills each team member has!
   * What concerns do we have and how are we planning to address them?
* RAM is an invented position based on what we want to acheive - it is somewhat artificial and less contextualised in academia. RAMs do not yet have the resources and background, which gives them freedom to develop direction. 
* It is apparent that each of us has unique impact, but we need to be careful that we are not working against the current set up and divisions - we are RCMs, matrix managed by an RCM :)
    * If you are drawn to specific parts of the work (i.e. something more RAMy), you may need to negotiatie that into our workload.
* Flag any confusion between responsibilities, and bring in Malvika or Emma for the eye of experience.
* Stakholder mapping
    * RAM readiness vs community readiness
    * We are mapping our communication channels (e.g. for Mountain of Engagement)
    * RAMs are mapping how likely stakeholders are to work with us. May choose to work in just one sector for a time, or test the water across multiple sectors.
    * There is a third stream for Ethics based projects and priorities, and they map differently!
        * All our mapping should be based on our priorities.
    * RAMs and RCMs will have different questions for the same meeting!
    * RAMs are also part of our community, so we can/should facilitate their connection with the community. 
    * A project manager would set up an event, but a RCM would be thinking about how we'd make that event collaborative! Pulling on our core skills.
        * Love these vignettes!
* Do we want a version of [this RCM-PM responsibilities RACI matrix](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1FCCJa_hjLi3nMsKSVQiucu1EpILGPrsZy7s6uIBaY0A/edit#gid=377637640) for RAM-RCM? Or is that too descriptive? (note this is a TPS doc, happy to share within TPS :))
    * Arielle listed out everything a PM would do and we highlighted everything we would contribute to.
    * The process of creating this was more/as important as the outcome.
    * We could go through this with RAMs
        * E.g. if they are planning a stakeholder mapping, it is importnant that we have the opportunity to contribute
* Growth of our two teams means the connection is even more important.
* Radical candour - sense check that everyone knows what they're doing.

### Co-working Wednesday
* We will be having a conversation with Georgia Koumara (Adcaemic Services) about community for Enrichment Students :)


### Resource update
*Before the meeting please update the [resource link](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1pegEKZe0l6txwvJi1w8BB2OMzH3ov7tASH8ziC8xg5k/edit#gid=0), action on issues/PRs on the [GitHub repo](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/open-community-building) that you have been assigned to or other responsibilities/tasks you have pending for the CM team you have been working on. Add a sentence below updating the team about it.*

*   
*   

### Notes
> Notetakers: 
* Notes added to each agenda point above.
*  
*  

### Action points for follow up
*Please new items to GitHub as a new issue: https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/open-community-building/issues.*
* Ann to review suggested process for restricting access to confidential materials on the wiki ([issue #251](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/open-research-community-management/issues/251))
* Submit your [wiki profile pages - issue #252](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/open-research-community-management/issues/252)) - All
* [TPS Research Community Management Team: Communications Processes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yBsll1OeiNnzNwLwEHPQB0nVCZDVAs7hsScqeBo_pdo/edit#heading=h.c6bhlbj4hcor) - review and comment
* [Briefing notes](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1rXHSa75o3r_I709jScQoXtakX5_W2IAB-reLzsaTHjs/edit#slide=id.p) - Malvika will send to Kirstie on Wednesday (cc Gabin). Please ensure all are complete and reviewed by Cass before then.
* Review [updated guiding principles PR](https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/open-research-community-management/pull/253#issuecomment-1668279385) - all RCMs to review and accept before publishing.

*End of the meeting*

### Next Meeting

See the **2023** Goatherding schedule here: `redacted`

* Set a document and update the calendar invite
* **Next week**
    * Chair: [name]
    * Documentarian: [name]
    * Theme: [theme]
    * Speaker: [name]

### Information and Links  

* Link of links: `redacted`
* Shared calendar with meeting times: https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=cGtlazVnc2xkcjlwYWRhNjc4MTJyaGtiaW9AZ3JvdXAuY2FsZW5kYXIuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbQ
* GitHub for the project repo: https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/community-manager-team
