---
tags: meeting
description: team meeting
---

# 2023-08-14 | Open Research Community Building team Meeting 

> ## info
> * **Time**: 15:00 - 16:00 London Time
> * **Meeting Information**: 
>     * Zoom Link: `redacted`
>     * Meeting ID: `redacted`
>     * Passcode: `redacted`
> * Schedule and all other links and resources for the CM team: `redacted`
> * GitHub for the project repo: https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/community-manager-team

[TOC]

### Agenda

* **Theme**: Auditing events and engagements - workflow and process sharing
    * Presentation link (if applicable): https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1lUPC1HF5AtLlc7M9d4e_qG1IMawiE54dZX8Iey1j05g/edit?usp=sharing
* **Chair**: Eirini
* **Documentarian**: Eirini
* **Speakers**: Anne & Sarah
* **Other Information**: 

### Attendees  
> *Please add your name below.* 
* Eirini
* Emma 
* Vicky
* Sarah

### Apologies
> *Please add your name below if you are not able to attend the meeting.*
* Sophia
* Giulia  
* Ayesha - I have a clashing meeting relating to the Summer Experience!
* Malvika - on annual leave
* Cass - Kiddie emergency 

### Project Share-outs

> *Please share a short update about your community work (updates, blockers, upcoming plans) this week, using the template below.*

```
* [name=Name]
 ðŸŒ¹ = Something great that happened (a rose!)
 ðŸŒµ = Something not-so-great that happened (a thorn!)
 ðŸŒ± = Something you're looking forward to (a bud!)
```

* [name=Eirini] 
 ðŸŒ¹ = I joined a consortium ECR session, which was lovely. It was great to hear what they're working on and to be able to chip in a bit on the things they're trying to do.
 ðŸŒµ = My mental health has been going slowly down a hill :upside_down_face: 
 ðŸŒ± = I'm struggling to look forward to things at the moment because [thorn]
* 
* [name=Emma]
 ðŸŒ¹ = Really enjoyed the widening participation workshop last week - the young people were lovely. Also the intro meeting with the partnership team went well last week. 
 ðŸŒµ = I've got a horrible sore throat - feels like I'm swallowing glass :cry:
 ðŸŒ± = Looking forward to my annual leave next week - I'm away from 21 Aug to 4th Sept (but probably going to work 22 August all day as helping with Gitgood workshop and have another meeting I can't cancel).  

* [name=Vicky]
 ðŸŒ¹ = We sent out decisions for the scholar scheme on Friday- had some really excited responses from the acceptees so feeling good!
 ðŸŒµ = Am struggling to recruit speakers for Knowledge Share events- going to do some chasing this week and hope people aren't on hol :sweat_smile: 
 ðŸŒ± = Hopefully some quieter weeks coming up so I can get lots of bits sorted before a very busy September 

* [name=Sarah]
 ðŸŒ¹ = 
 ðŸŒµ = 
 ðŸŒ± = AL next week. Not going anywhere, just not working :laughing: 

* [name=Anne]
 ðŸŒ¹ = Really enjoyed the infrastructure wg meeting - and helping folks to transition to the new github org!!
 ðŸŒµ = Need to finish structuring this communication plan for the Github transition, Book Dash apps, and everything... and stick to it!
 ðŸŒ± = Sharing out the information about the transition on socials tomorrow!

### Notes

Links:
* slides: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1lUPC1HF5AtLlc7M9d4e_qG1IMawiE54dZX8Iey1j05g/edit?usp=sharing
* other audit processes: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1MnvhHFQeiX6eL3IpqC1CaSiNu3tAIEDIUVaRldai5do/edit#gid=0

Notes:
* how should we evaluate events?
    * tension between what exists already and what you're tasked with creating
* community archaelogy: qualitative & quantitive process (e.g. brief interviews and surveys).
    * It's great to have **quotes** from people to track trends of how people react to events in real time
    * what is the intention in the planning of the events?
    * community observation - who's coming, who's not, gain and pain points
    * testing new things
    * surveys
        * speed is very important:
            * VH uses polls *during* the Zoom for info, e.g. have you attended before, a spicy question to engage people, are you enjoying the talks. You can also choose which results people can see (you'd want to see the answer to the spicy question but not something that would be hurtful to the speaker)
            * EZ keeps 5 minutes at the end of sessions for feedback
        * accessibility
            * sharing info with other users from Zoom can be difficult
            * all our forms are in English! EK gets the phyolith forms translated to Spanish and Mandarin to help with the accessibility of the forms
            * google is not accessible in China
            * keeping things (chat, polls, Q&A) in one place is useful for people using their phones
            * using collaborative notes: useful for posterity but we're more used to using them than other people
            * we need to be careful with HackMD, as most people are unfamiliar with it
* CSCCE CM training (materials not open)
    * fantastic materials for a new community, but most people were taking over a community that was at least 10-years old
        * Where community archeology comes in! 
    * persona building - what motivates people to come to your community and what do they need from it? keeping in mind that they may not always be upfront with that. Barriers - why might they not be engaging? What does success look like for this persona?
    * after the personas have been created, you can think about what they can bring to the community and vice versa
    * not every meeting has to target every persona
        * convey/consume -> contribute -> collaborate -> co-create. Each of those stages is important for engaging different personas
    * create scaffolding to allow people to overcome barriers
    * which personas might interact with each other?

*End of the meeting*

### Next Meeting

See the **2023** Goatherding schedule here: `redacted`

* Set a document and update the calendar invite
* **Next week**: **CANCELLED** due to summer holidays

### Information and Links  

* Link of links: `redacted`
* Shared calendar with meeting times: https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0?cid=cGtlazVnc2xkcjlwYWRhNjc4MTJyaGtiaW9AZ3JvdXAuY2FsZW5kYXIuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbQ
* GitHub for the project repo: https://github.com/alan-turing-institute/community-manager-team

